I never thought this would turn out the way it did and I really felt like I learned so much stuff in the process thanks to all of you. [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/641joo/sat_down_on_my_friends_macbook_and_broke_it/) is my previous question. 

I went through every single comment from the 200+ ones and I sincerely thank each and every one of you.

I did some research specifically for repairing the screen for the macbook and for her particular model it’s around 310 for the screen + the labor cost so I wrote her back saying that since she didn't accept my initial offer of $2200, I’m withdrawing that offer, and offering to pay for the repair cost. She sent me an email calling me a bitch and that she’s going to take me to court.

I got served a few days later and went to court. I told the judge I gave her three options to choose from. 1) either to write her a check for a brand new one which was 2200 dollars. 2) Get her a refurbished one from apple or a third party or even used which would be around 1400 dollars or 3) fix her current MacBook since the screen is the only thing affected here and it would cost around 300 dollars plus money for labor. (I printed out the email I sent her and the mail she sent back refusing demanding the 2700 and calling me a bitch and saying we’ll go to court + screenshots for the price quotes from different websites for a new/refurbished and the screen fix for her particular model) and gave it to the judge. I also told him that when I offered at the very beginning to get her a new one from the apple store she said no I want the money in cash. When I told her I’d give her 2200 for a new one she said okay but later came asking for 2700 because she wants to upgrade. I tried to show him how it's clearly visible that she's trying to take advantage of me.

She gave the judge an attitude almost the whole time which really pissed the judge off and helped my case I guess. After listening to both of us he ruled that I pay 50% of the repair cost since she negligently left her laptop on the couch. So I'll only be paying not more than 200-250 dollars for the whole thing.

If it weren’t for you guys I would’ve paid $2,200 dollars instead of around $200 and I honestly loved her look at the end as we walked out. 

I feel good for following all the advice here.


This is in north Texas. 

Hey so I must apologize if this post is jumbled a bit. I started typing it up in Word yesterday before my date and forgot about it before finishing it today. 

I think my boyfriend has been secretly drugging me for a while now and is gas lighting me. I know this is going to be hard to explain, but I have been having gaps in memory that I have been explaining away as being tired, or overworked, or whatever else.  I was going to ask my boyfriend about it, since he is a doctor, but then I started to notice that this seems to happen when I go on dates with him. 

I know it must be crazy, but I have woken up with dried semen on my breasts several times with no memory of the night before.  I know its him as… well I wont get into specifics but he likes that kind of thing more than other guys would… 

The first time it happened was when we were drinking and I wrote it off as too much to drink. We get drunk and have sex all the time so its not a big deal to me. But then there were a few times when I KNOW we were not drinking. 

I decided to break up with him over it only to suddenly find myself on a date with him a few days later. I had not yet had the conversation to break up with him, but planned on it next time I talked with him. I remember being at the restaurant, but nothing before that. My car and his car was in the parking lot too so I was confused. 

I decided to play along when he asked me to come back to his place.

After 3 days at his place I remembered everything so I was started to trust him again. Knowing he was an ENT I know it wont be his forte but he is a doctor. I was going to ask him about my issues when he randomly pointed to these red bumps on my thigh and said I should be treating those sores. 

I had completely forgotten they were there. These little red bumps that look like needle injections that got infected. I got so freaked out he mentioned them that I decided to leave. 

The next day he came over to “Check on me” and I remember waking up in bed with more dried semen on my chest. 

Then today he met me for lunch saying we had agreed to meet. I never agreed to me with him and would never want to. He does this all the time, saying we agreed to do something I have no memory of. 

I am sick and tired of it and want him punished. 

This has started to affect my work life as well as I start to get paranoid when I see a boss walk into a room after making eye contact with me. I get paranoid that they are about to fire me. My friends also state I have been acting strangely and out of character. I have even begun to lose sleep and sleepwalk when I do.  

Is there a way to have blood work done to see what kind of drug he is using on me? I do not want the police to blow me off and push me away as some crazy lady so I want to be damn sure when I go to the police. 

I got my 13 year old brother after school yesterday and we went to see my math teacher. I didn't tell him all the details, but I told him my mother wanted too put a device on me to keep me from having sex, and my brother and I showed him the healed burn things like you guys suggested. At first he wanted to call our mom but that actually made my brother cry in fear so he didn't because I told him I'd run away and call the police if he did.

He called a bunch of people, and about an hour later the police and a bunch of other people showed up. Apparently they'd already been suspicious about our neighborhood. They talked to us away from eachother and I had to tell several people what happened, there was one lady who I told everything real specific. She was very nice and didn't make me feel ashamed at all.

We went back home with them and I showed the police where my mother kept drugs that I'm pretty sure we're illegal. She wasn't there but all my other 6 siblings who are home schooled were. Then they went down the street to where my mom and our preacher were and I don't know what happened but they arrested her i think for drugs and other stuff and someone else whose house they were at because they were doing drugs I think (that's what they usually do) but not the preacher. I think they're gonna look into it though. 

There were a bunch of people and police who talked to all of us more and eventually they took us to a place where they said we'd stay for now. Like a shelter or something. 

I should of done this year's ago, I feel really bad because I could have had my siblings taken better care of. I don't really know what's happening or gonna happen but the place I'm in now is way cleaner than I'm used to and we have clothes and stuff and food and we don't have to watch toddlers anymore. They weren't happy when they figured out stuff like the burns and that my 11 and 10 year old sisters can't read at all. They also weren't very happy with our house I could tell.

I hope we don't have to go back. And I hope it's ok to post this. Even tho I don't need advice anymore. Thank you to everyone who helped me.
OP here: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9gdico/my_college_says_if_i_miss_class_to_testify_at_my/?st=JN056NAS&amp;sh=90aa7f5f

Thanks to everyone’s terrific advice, I got my university’s ombudsman involved, and also reached out to a local survivors group (similar to RAINN) who connected me to a wonderful attorney who facilitated between me and the legal services team at my school. 

Within a day of meeting with the school’s general counsel, my attorney and I were invited to meet with the deans who had made the initial decision. 

One of my professors also apparently saw my legal advice post and put two and two together (my professors were not previously aware of the full extent of what was going on) and he and my other professors submitted a letter on my behalf protesting the administration’s decision, copying the board, ombudsman, legal counsel, and high level members of the administration, which was so incredibly touching I am still overwhelmed and trying to properly thank them. 

Between my professors’ incredible gesture and my showing up with an attorney raising flags, at the meeting I was given carte blanche to work out the details of my absences between myself and my professors (I’ll take them at school, just early) and two were able to give me modified assignments that could be done at home but still exemplified the same knowledge and skill sets. 

The ombudsman and the legal counsel assured me they are looking into the policy that caused this ordeal in the first place, the ombudsman in making sure the policy is being correctly and reasonably enforced **(e.g., not used to coerce students into violating a subpoena)** and the legal counsel is advising the administration on new guidelines for the policy so no one else has to experience this going forward. 

Thank you everyone here who took time to give me such helpful advice. I appreciate all of you! 
Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4xrn91/ohio_someone_is_threatening_to_release_nude/

So as the title states, last year I was dealing with blackmail from someone who got a hold of nudes from when I was 14/15. I thought I would update now that it's come to a resolution.

I went to see a lawyer the day after I made that post. He drafted a letter formally telling the guy to fuck off, and was very kind in assuring me that I had nothing to worry about. It was radio silence from the guy, for about six months. Then I got an email from another address with the same demand, saying that the money needed to be sent in 24 hours or the pictures would go live. 

I panicked and called my lawyer, asking him to meet me at the police station. He was really understanding (literally left his daughter's birthday party to come help me) and when we got there, we met with a detective, who was also really nice and heard me out. 

Long story short, we found out that the guy blackmailing me was actually (drumroll please) my ex-boyfriend masquerading as someone else. He was arrested, and it was also discovered that he had broken into my apartment on a few occasions (he had things in his possession that he could only have gotten by getting into my residence). I wasn't the only one who was being stalked, and they also discovered other illegal activity that I wasn't really allowed to know about.

Anyway, my ex was just sentenced a few days ago and he won't be getting out anytime soon, plus I'm getting married in a few months and I'll be moving to another state far away from my ex. So I thought I'd update here with the good news! I was afraid that I'd be arrested and lose everything, but thanks to you guys I got up the courage to deal with the situation. I really appreciate the advice I got here! Thank you again so much. 
Okay, so a few days ago I was released from county jail after being held for 62 days. I lost my job, didn't pay rent for 2 months almost 3 now and my car is in the process of being put up for auction and they won't release it.

I was arrested for felon in possession of a firearm (I'm not a felon and never have been or had anything expunged and at the time of arrest I didn't even have a firearm on me) and reckless endangerment (firing a weapon at the side of a building, again something I did not do). I had an initial appearance thing in the jail over video where I was given a public defender who was completely and absolutely useless. I'm not sure if this is the norm for public defenders but he didn't say anything I told him to at this appearance I had because a simple background check shows I don't have a felony and on the night this all allegedly happened I was out of state (plane tickets and hotel with work). He literally just said not guilty then asked for a signature bond (Judge or magistrate guy denied it because felon with a firearm is a huge thing).

So then I sat, in jail for a total of 60 days before my public defender even came to see me. I tried to call him everyday with the phones and the number on the paper I had but he was never in and never came to see me. I couldn't afford a regular attorney who wanted around $2500 to even start a criminal case. I don't really have family or super close friends to call for help, I was fired from work obviously and now late on rent and will be evicted probably because I can't pay without a job and definitely not $2100+ utilities for rent on the 3 months I'm about to owe.

When he finally came and seen me 2 days before my next appearance and he finally listened to me he talked to the DA who apparently also had not looked at my case or my letter I mailed them until then also. After that appearance I got a "sorry, computer error you are free to go" and I was released.

What can I do for any of this? Apparently someone with the same name but a different DOB shot a building after a fight and is a felon but I sat in jail, lost my job, can't even get my car back they say unless I pay some crazy fees (how am I liable for these fees if it was a error?!). This is in Madison, Wisconsin

EDIT: Thanks for all the replies guys and gals, I'll contact the Wisconsin branch of the ACLU tomorrow and see what they say and where to go from here. Also I appreciate the messages offering to help me if I need it but I can kinda survive frugally on my credit cards if absolutely need be and will be contacting my boss tomorrow also and explaining the situation.

EDIT 2: To clear up more confusion about my car. The city had it towed by a local company they are contracted with. The storage fees are $1900 and growing daily and I only paid $3500 for the car 2 years ago. The towing company that has my vehicle told me the city can waive their percentage and pay the rest to them and I can get my car but told "good luck". Also their policy is to only store the vehicles for 90 days before auctioning the car.
https://redd.it/6m79kf

So it is done. We called an abortion clinic in New Mexico and asked for advice. They were very helpful. Scheduled an appointment.

I told my parents that I'm taking my sister to go sightseeing in New Mexico for 2 days. They never suspected anything so they allowed it and didn't need any convincing. So in the morning I picked her up and we drove to New Mexico. We took a few pictures here and there to show later in case someone asked. Had the appointment and the procedure done in the afternoon. Spent the night at a hotel and drove back to my place the next day. She spent the day and that night at my place. I called my mom at about 11pm and told her that we arrived 15 minutes ago and she's already fallen asleep so I'll bring her there tomorrow.

She was feeling fine by then. So nothing suspicious at all. She's very happy this worked out the way it did and I'm happy that she's happy. I told her that she should not tell anyone about this until at least she is an adult and 100% independent from our parents. You can't really be sure who you can trust so better keep it a secret.

Thank you for your advice and the peace of mind that you gave us. Once we knew I won't be in legal trouble, we were relaxed and it was easy to arrange everything else. 
I'm updating [my last post](https://redd.it/764vzw) here.

I did what you all told me to do. I wrote a letter, had my mom sign it and sent it to the superintendent's office. I also called them. They said they will speak with the school.

I was called into school and the principal's office and was told to take the test there in his presence. I did that, the math teacher came and looked through all my answers and said it's another perfect score and wanted to leave.

I said loudly "I think you owe me an apology."

She said "yes, I should not have accused you of cheating."

I said "Yes, and another apology for saying I don't have the mental faculties to get a perfect score."

She said "I'm sorry" and left.

The principal said "don't push your luck kid."

I said "It wasn't luck, and you also owe me an apology."

He apologized and said my suspension is reversed and it won't go in my records. I then went to the counselor and told him that now in his 24 years, there is one student who was accused of cheating and proved the teacher and administrators wrong, so he shouldn't give bad advice to the next poor student who is in my place.

So things are sorted out now. But also, I'm not going to be arrogant or aggressive like that with people. I only spoke like that with them because they have said incredibly mean and insulting things to me and I was very pissed off at them. And the counselor had given me horrible advice.

Thanks for pointing me in the right direction!
https://redd.it/74we5z

I talked to the officer in charge of the investigation for my brother being missing. They found his name written in a notebook which belonged to a drug trafficker. The officer who was looking for him was wondering if my brother was still missing after talking to the officer in charge of that investigation.

There days later we received the call that they may have found my brother's remains and they needed DNA samples to confirm. DNA confirmed it was him.

What happened was that when he went out that day he saw his friend and they went to see another friend (of his, not my brother). That was a drug dealing location, things went bad when my brother was there and someone was heavily beaten up which my brother and his friend saw. That's when they decided to... His friend was kept silent under the threat for his life (he was dealing for them). Recently he was arrested and confessed and reported my brother's murder to get a better deal.

The officer says my brother didn't die in pain. It was multiple gunshots. You'd expect after 6 years of playing this possibility in our heads we would have been prepared for it but we weren't. We had a funeral for him. Now there's a place that I can go and talk to him and at least feel a little closer to him even though he's gone.

I thank all of you who helped. 


 
Past post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6ebbq9/had_a_falling_out_with_the_girl_i_love_and_got/?st=j7t8o97k&amp;sh=7aebba6a 

Oh boy. I've been wondering for a while whether to post here again or not. I wasn't going to, but I know my last post ended up on a few other subreddits and I actually stumbled across it on my main account on r/niceguys and I read all the comments there. It was rough for me to read this original post, but it was a reminder of what my own mindset, and the mindset of so many men like me, was. I decided I needed to post again for some closure. I would have posted this on r/relationships, but they don't let you update posts they have taken down (yeah the mods there actually took down the post, not me). 

For those who didn't see my original post on r/relationships before it was removed, it included more detail than my last one here, so I'm going to link to a thread from r/niceguys from a few people saved the text of my relationships post in the comments. I want to take full accountability for everything, so I want to link it here:
 
https://www.reddit.com/r/niceguys/comments/6f696j/nice_guy_on_rlegaladvice_wants_to_know_his/?st=j7t8wz5j&amp;sh=badbe0c6 

First, I want to assure everyone that I didn't contact that girl ever again. Since I moved, I no longer see her or go anywhere by where she used to live, go to school, or work (I don't know if she still lives in the same area or goes to the same school. I have avoided getting any information about her at all). The way I acted and the way I hurt her and scared her so much still haunts me. Part of me wants to track her down and apologize, but I know from my classes that 1. that can re-victimize her all over again; 2. it would be a selfish thing to do because it would be to clear my conscience, not make her feel better. If she wants to get closure by talking to me, I'm sure she can find me somehow; and 3. I don't want to make the mistake of using an apology to make her feel manipulated to talking to me again. I learned in my classes that men do that a lot. I don't want to hurt her anymore, so I will work past the guilt while never talking to her again. 

I was distraught after my last post here. I admit I came here looking for validation, not help. I had a warped sense of entitlement that led me to believe that no one would possibly disagree with me, but obviously, hundreds of people told me that I was fucked up, a predator, a stalker, and that I needed help. All of these people were right. I don't know what happened, but something clicked in me after seeing those comments (despite how combative and abusive I was in response to the comments). I checked myself into therapy in Michigan the week after I posted here. I knew something was wrong, but I was still in denial. I thought I needed help with heartbreak. I didn't recognize that I actually needed help with identifying and combatting my messed up belief systems that I used to justify stalking and victimizing that poor girl. After a few sessions, I started seeing a psychiatrist too. I got on mood stabilizers and I started to realize that something was very very wrong with the way I was acting. Something that couldn't be cured by medication. After talking it over with my therapist, I decided it would be best for me to move out of state into my Aunt's house. Within a month of me posting here, I had moved into her house. 

After moving, I started the process of transferring to a new school next semester, working full time, and continued to take my medication and was transferred to a new therapist. I had a fresh idea of the issues I wanted to work on in therapy, but after a few weeks of having two therapy sessions a week, my therapist pointed out to me during a session that I was still exhibiting the same kind of obsessive behaviors over women that earned me a cease and desist letter in Michigan (though I wasn't stalking anyone at this point, I was just obsessing in my mind. Which is still bad, but I wasn't actively victimizing anyone). I realize that in addition to therapy, I needed more help. My therapist pointed me to a class run by a local agency that was designed for men that have committed violent crimes against women like domestic violence, assault, sexual assault, stalking ect. Most of the men in the class are court-ordered to go as a condition of their probation/parole, but you didn't have to be court ordered to go, so I signed up voluntarily. I attend a two-hour class session every week and have been attending for about a month now. The goal of the class is to help us recognize and change abusive/violent behaviors.  I know most of you are thinking: what kind of monsters can't recognize violent behavior? People like me. People like me in the last post. I look like a normal person. I grew up in an upper-middle-class neighborhood. Monsters come in all shapes and sizes and I fooled myself by saying because I didn't "look" like an abuser or because I wasn't "like" the abusers I saw on TV, that I wasn't one. But I am. I can't take back what I've done, but I can promise myself I will never victimize anyone else again. 

In conclusion, a lot had changed for me in three and a half months. I want to say that I do not blame my behavior on my mental illness or anger or the media or whatever. I made a conscious decision to stalk and terrorize another human being because I thought I had the right to dictate how others interact with me. The class is a year-long class and I have only been in it for a month, but I have already learned so much. I have learned from my group that abuse is always a conscious choice and a learned behavior. But I believe that since I've learned this behavior and it's voluntary, it's totally within my control to change it. I've also learned from my group about the importance of having a non-romantic support system, so I made some male and female friends at work that invite me over to play video games with them. Don't worry reddit, these are actual friends and not just people I am stalking or believe I am in love with (I talked about this extensively with my therapist and try to be cognizant of my obsessive tendencies). 

Thank you to everyone who told it to me straight and I'm sorry for how I decided to treat everyone who was just trying to give me the advice I asked for.

**tl;dr**: I ceased, I desisted, and I got mental health help. Thanks to everyone.

**EDIT**: Wow, just wow. I didn't expect this response. I guess this is a top post of all time. 
I wanted to say some things for anyone who reads this in the future:

1. I read every single comment in r/bestoflegaladvice even though I didn't reply to many. I cried a lot while reading them. 

2. I didn't post this to be gilded or to be patted on the back. I'm not sure why I did it, but I don't think "congrats" is quite the right thing to say to me. I don't know if I deserve praise for being a normal human being with normal relationships. But thank you all for being so supportive anyway. 

3. I've had at least 10 people ask me for the name of the program I am in. The program I am in is specific to my area, so I'd rather not disclose the name. However, I encourage anyone who is concerned that they are controlling or abusive in their relationships with partners, family or friends to google "batterer intervention programs in my area." I did some research today about the class I am in and that is what these types of classes are called. They all operate a little differently based on where you live and what program you do, but we use stuff like the power and control wheel and there are steps in my program. There is no official federal program I don't think.

4. I am not healed. I have a lot of obsessive thoughts and I have to try really really hard to have appropriate boundaries. My meds have helped with this, but it is a behavior and thought process I need to change and that cant be done with pills. I have a lot of mental health issues (duh, based on my first post) but honestly what you saw was just the tip of the iceberg. I have never had real "friends" until the ones I have now. Before Jaime, I definitely engaged in stalking behaviors with both women I had crushes on and men I wanted to be friends with. It was never as bad as it was with Jaime, but I still am sure I made people uncomfortable.  I also have some self-harm behaviors I am working out. So to the person who was worried that I would use all of the good praise to say "oh I'm perfect now so I can do what I want," trust me, I know I am fucked up and I want to change. I want to have normal relationships and friendships. I want to not be known as "that creepy kid" at my new college. 

Please get help if you need it. Take it from me: all people are capable of changing for the positive. 
You can read my old post here: [[Florida]: Parents hired people to kidnap me. My brother ended up pointing a gun at them. What do I need to do to get emancipated?](https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7478b8/florida_parents_hired_people_to_kidnap_me_my/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=legaladvice)

I sadly don't have any good news. Just two weeks after posting that my parents ended up sending me to a camp. The camp that they sent me to was using the same property and facilities of an older camp which was closed down due to abuse of teenagers.

The place wasn't like anything I imagined it would be. I tried to cooperate and pretend everything is normal but they see compliance as a form of resistance. They also see non-compliance as a form of resistance. Whatever you do they see it as resistance. Their formula is that we were defective people and the only way to fix us is to first break us down completely and then rebuild according to their standards.

Until they see you have mental breakdowns they don't agree that you're ready to relearn everything and change, so they continue the pressure. Even when I was doing everything they wanted they weren't convinced. It took maybe 3 months for them to be convinced that I'm broken down and they did break my spirit to be honest. I got to the point that I didn't care about anything anymore, I just wanted it to end.

They knew about my YouTube channel and they wanted me to login and delete all my videos and delete the channel. They had a girl who pretended to work in the kitchens to befriend me only to see if I truly hate my old self or not. She'd tell me that she watched my videos and she was insulting me left and right and was saying horrible things about me and my brother (also YouTuber) and I was supposed to agree with her, if I took things personally they knew I was acting and wasn't ready.

They got me when I was at my lowest and they got me to log them into the account. The next day they brought me in front of a computer and showed me that my old password wasn't working anymore and told me that they've deleted my account. I was thinking all the time and effort I placed there was gone.

From there I didn't care anymore and they were convinced they've achieved their goal. So things became easier. They'd teach me to be a nice girly Christian girl who wants to raise babies and would never touch a boy until she is married to someone her parents pick. It was like they were sending me into a children's book. Then my dad came and brought me back home.

When I got back my brother actually told me that my YouTube account wasn't deleted. Since I was using his email for recovery he got a notification when I logged in from the camp because it was a new place. So he figured this isn't good news and jumped and changed the password. So my account is intact. The assholes at the camp were lying.

I don't know if I'm the same person or not or how much I've changed but I really hate my parents. I hate them so much that a year ago I couldn't even imagine such a level of hatred is possible. There are 448 days until I'm 18 and I'm counting every single day until this is over and then I'm leaving with my brother and we're never looking back.

My big brother is the only positive thing in my life and the only person who I trust. When I was gone he went to police, CPS, even talked to a lawyer and a PI to find a way to get me back but nothing worked. My parents came after my $15,000 which I had at a joint account with my brother in order to pay for this program that they sent me to. But my brother actually ended up moving the money to an account only under his own name so parents couldn't access it. He continued to post the videos that I had prepared in the pipeline when I was gone so I continued to make more money and didn't lose subscribers.

That's it for me. From what I understand my parents couldn't afford to keep me there anymore that's why they pulled me out otherwise the place wanted more time with me. 
Hi, I'm 16 y/o and have good reason to think my mom and dad aren't my real parents. I had a much older sister who killed herself when I was 6. She was 26 when she died. All of her stuff is in the basement in boxes. I don't remember too much about her honestly and it makes me sad sometimes. My parents don't talk much about her. There's a painting in our house that she painted. It's a very nice painting of a swamp. It's my favorite thing. I decided to go looking through all of her stuff mostly for more pictures. What I found was a bunch of notebooks of writing she did mostly poetry. I felt weird reading them at first because they were mostly about her depression then I read this one that was about how she had a baby and someone took him away. It's really short and I didn't really understand it like a lot of it seemed metaphorical I guess is the word. Anyways I asked my mom if she ever had a baby and my mom was real weird about it she wanted to know why I would ask that. I said idk I just found some stuff in the basement and was curious. She got real mad at me and told me not to snoop and said she didn't have kids. Well I started thinking about it. I am the spitting image of my sister but I don't look like my mom or dad. I casually asked my mom to see my birth certificate the next day and she got mad again and wouldn't let me see it. 

TLDR I think my dead sister is my real mom. In Florida btw.
[original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/585svt/exwife_is_suing_me_for_child_support_i_dont_even/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=legaladvice)

I have both good news and bad news.

The good news is that I won the battle with my ex. I put all my money together and got a lawyer and we fought back against her child support claim against me. I had documents about me showing I don't even have the body parts to even be able to father a child (I don't have penis or testicles) and that the date of the documents were long before I married her. However paternity tests were ordered anyway which came back negative. That ended the case. It took a while and it caused me a lot of stress but I won. I don't know what my ex was thinking going after me like that. Maybe she thought that I won't fight back since my health was very poor at the time.

The bad news is that, I'm dying. As I mentioned in the comments of my original post, I was battling cancer at the time that I made the post. It was the fourth time in my life that I was dealing with cancer and even though I had some success in fighting it last year, it's now back and I have very little chance of beating it again. I will make it to 2018 but that year seems to be the end of my journey. I'm happy with the life I've lived and will continue to live a happy and free life until I finally rest for good. 

Thank you all for helping me and giving me hope to fight back. It helped me stay focused and having something to fight for definitely helped me stay more hopeful. You could see from my comments on the original post that I was almost ready to give up. 
Link to original post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8u3pzg/tnms\_i\_take\_prescription\_medication\_for\_adhd/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8u3pzg/tnms_i_take_prescription_medication_for_adhd/)

I am surprised how quickly this situation was resolved.

I met with an attorney for a consultation Thursday. After talking and explaining my situation, she told me this strikes a nerve and hits very close to home with her because her husband and one of her kids has ADHD. I could tell how furious she was by her expressions and mannerisms. She told me that she would contact the company pro bono, but if it came to a lawsuit, she would take it on contingency as I could get punitive damages. I told her I don't want to sue anyone if I don't have to, I just want this job offer back as I have been waiting a long time for a job like this. She also explained that if her attempts at contacting the company were unsuccessful, I could file an EEOC charge and go through them before filing a lawsuit with her if needed

Ultimately, she told me this is discrimination. Due to an unrelated incident a while back, I have an app on my phone that records all phone calls (one-party consent in my state) and saves them to my Google Drive. I played the calls with my manager to the attorney. When my manager informed me of the preliminary result I explained to her my prescription medication and my ADHD. The attorney told me it was good that I disclosed that at the time because now the company can no longer claim they didn't know about my disability, which would be a defense to discrimination (also this is an office job and my meds and ADHD would not cause any issues in performing my duties). I was not terminated at this time, just "suspended" pending the lab test. The call after my lab test came back, my manager said the offer was rescinded and my employment was being terminated due the preliminary result conflicting with the lab result but I would be paid for my one day of work. As far as not being "honest" in my interview regarding the drug test, my attorney feels that is just a smoke screen. Any reasonable person would think that question is being asked specifically to illegal substances so essentially we don't waste each other's time if I knew I would fail. I had no obligation to disclose any legally prescribed medications.

I asked about the collection site (apparently the collection site is not directly affiliated with the lab, they just have a contract with the lab to analyze the samples they collect) disclosing the preliminary result and she said she wasn't sure if they did anything illegal because I signed a release before providing my urine sample and this is a separate issue, but she thinks an argument can be made for negligence. She would check up on it because she is not 100&amp;#37; familiar with collection sites releasing preliminary results in lieu of a lab test. She said that if it was a positive test for a substance that had no legitimate medical purpose, then "maybe" they would be ok releasing that but even still, dipping some strips in urine is not a certified or accredited test. She said ultimately the point of having a lab test and MRO is to remove all potential variables of a false positive and the point of the MRO is to have someone that is knowledgeable with what can cause a positive result and that can analyze if that positive result is valid or not, to prevent sending false positive results back. If it comes down to a lawsuit, she would name the collection company as part of it, but ultimately this is about the company discriminating.

Anyway, my attorney called me the next day saying she had a conference call with the head of HR and their legal department. When she initially talked to the head of HR, he had been on vacation when all this went down and he had no knowledge of my situation and would look into it and get back to her. He called her back with legal on the line and they decided to re-offer me my job and pay me for all the time missed. My attorney goes on to say they want to have a conference call with me present and if I could come into her office that afternoon. I agreed.

When I was at her office for the conference call, those present on the call were the head of HR, legal department, my manager, my attorney, and myself. Essentially this call was an apology to me. The head of HR profusely apologized for this. He went on to tell me that this decision was made by someone new in HR and despite the head being on vacation, he always makes himself available to his employees and he should have been consulted at the very least. If he had known about this, he would have gone with the lab result and we would have never been in this situation. He went on to say that he talked with the rep that decided to rescind my offer, and although he was apologetic, the head of HR felt that the rep did not fully understand the legal position he put the company in and he is no longer employed with the company. They want me to come back in Monday (tomorrow) to continue my employment. He stated that my manager spoke very highly of my qualifications and interview and they “want nothing more than a person with my background on their team.” He even said he would treat me and my manager to lunch Monday.

He told me that they will give me a private office to accommodate my ADHD. I told them that wasn’t necessary as I am perfectly capable of performing my job in a cubicle, like everyone else, but he insisted.

So now I have my job back, getting back pay, have a private office, and being treated to lunch by the head of HR. I owe much thanks to this community for all the advice and support you have given me. I wish I could personally shake hands with all of you. I was so scared before reading your comments. Thank you, thank you, thank you!!!

Edit: I'm going to disclose my medication. I take Vyvanse. A lot of people assume I'm taking Adderall. I used to take Adderall but my doctor suggested I try Vyvanse when it came out. Although similar and made by the same company, Vyvanse is a much better medication for me. The release is more controlled, it's not as "intense" as Adderall, my appetite is not affected, I sleep much better with it, and it doesn't give me the "crash" that Adderall does when wearing off. 
[My question](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/72wjbw/found_cash_in_my_walls_its_mine_right_can_i/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=legaladvice)

I watched the VHS tape and it was of my uncle going on a 25 minute speech about government conspiracies and how banks cannot be trusted. That's why he kept his savings in cash. He didn't even trust a safe deposit box. That's why they were kept in his walls. And it was $120,000 as he said it in the video. I found the other $20,000.

I went to a lawyer and showed her the will, the video and she said  it's surprisingly common for people to leave cash inheritances in our area. She talked to the executor of the will as well, and then wrote a letter for me to give to the bank which explained this is from a cash inheritance with contact details of the executor in case the bank needed to contact them.

I scheduled an appointment with the bank. When I told them it's for a cash deposit they told me I don't need an appointment for that but I told them it's for a large deposit. They still said no appointment is necessary, but then I said it's a very large deposit. So they booked the appointment. Everything went smoothly at the bank. They made a copy of the letter that my lawyer had prepared. Money was in my account a few hours later.

I made payments and my student loans and car loan are both paid off and I now have a larger emergency fund.

Thanks! 
I had purchased a used Cadillac a few months ago for a good price from a mechanic I knew. He said his son was driving it. When I first purchased, i noticed a small container with what appeared to be trace amounts and a scent reminiscent of BHO oil, wax, shatter, dabs,... whatever you want to call it. I threw it away and searched the car thoroughly to make sure there was nothing else in the vehicle. 
Flash forward to the other night and I was pulled over for an improper lane change. Officer was nice enough but said he thought he saw me making suspicious movements when I was being pulled over. He asked to search the vehicle and which point I said no. Waited half an hour for the dog to show up. He alerted to my side driver said at which point they had probably caused and they searched the vehicle.  He checked all the normal spaces like the glove compartment, center console, side panels, trunk,... and they found nothing. After his point they started to separate the bit of material under the steering wheel and continued to thrash the entire vehicle. They cut into the leather seats. They also cut into my spare tire. Mind you, I have no criminal background and actually am in the process of working in law enforcement. They cut open just about everything in the car and searched everywhere and found nothing. I’m obviously growing increasingly agitated at this point but the officer standing with me on the curb was anticipating this ordered me to remain quiet and wait patiently. After this well over 2 hour ordeal, I was told I was free to go. When asking the officer if they were offering any restitutions for the damages they caused, he simply told me to call the county. Before I do that I would like to know if there’s any better options and how I should pursue this. The seats obviously had a razor blade go thru them and there’s so many things dangling they made the car look closer to what I probably would’ve payed for it. Not to mention they also ruined my spare. Thank you. 
 
Edit: My location is in San Bernardino County SoCal
This is an update to https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7jubfl/iowa_city_threatening_a_lawsuit_to_get_me_to_take/

Hello r/legaladvice,

A few months ago I posted here asking for advice after the city council of the town I live in sent a letter demanding that I take down a website critical of them, or else they'd sue me. Most of the comments I received confirmed that, yes, this was violating my First Amendment rights, and yes, I should seek a lawyer. 

So I did so. I set up a meeting with one of the two law firms here in town (the other law firm is the one that sent the letter), and he agreed with what everybody else had been telling me. However, he declined to represent me as he's largely a real estate attorney, and recommended I speak with someone "outside the city's little sphere of influence". 

Skipping over unnecessary details, I met with the other lawyer, but wasn't able to afford representation at the time. I updated my website to be more fair to the city itself, but risked leaving in a few barbs toward the city council and the lawyers representing them -- borrowing a few reddit comments about " squander taxpayer money on spurious advice and pointless legal services". 😉

Once I updated the website and the city realized I wasn't going to take it down, a different attorney from the city's law firm contacted me and wanted to chat over coffee. I went, although now I realize I probably should not have done so. He was very friendly, telling me he thinks the whole situation had been badly handled, but he made it clear that he thought I should take down the website because it was hurting the town and "we both want what's best" for it. He also told me there was a reporter from a newspaper calling around trying to get in touch with me, and he didn't think I should talk to them, again because it would damage the town. I declined the interview, because I was afraid I'd get sued (whether justified or not) if I said something the city didn't like.

Of course, I was too naive to realize that the city themselves would have no problem talking to the reporter. So she ran her story, and I was made out to be the bad guy troublemaker by the city officials she interviewed. What's more, a city councilman, the mayor, and the city administrator all denied sending a letter to me. They were also quoted as saying "there may be legal stuff coming down the road".

A few weeks later I received *another* letter from the law firm, and this one was... weird. It was the attorney from the original letter writing "on his own time" to explain all the reasons he thinks he can sue me, citing several Iowa judicial cases and going on about disparaging property. He told me I was making a stupid argument and attributing unfounded legal arguments to him. The letter ended by saying it wasn't a threat of litigation and not intended to deter me from exercising my legal rights.

This was around mid-January, 2018 (I received the first letter mid-December, 2017). Everything was quiet, once again, for two more weeks, until I got an email from the legal director at the ACLU of Iowa. On the advice of Reddit, I had emailed both the ACLU and the EFF, but after over a month with no response I had figured they were too busy to look at my case. I was very happy when she contacted me and wanted to talk.

I spoke with the director and, long story short, she thought what the city was doing to me was an egregious violation of my civil rights, and the ACLU of Iowa wanted to represent me in a lawsuit against the city. Toward the end of February we filed suit in Federal court, and by March 29th we settled the case after the city agreed to these five terms:

1. They had to agree to a permanent injunction where they can't threaten to sue me, or actually sue me, for any website or content I produce regarding the town.
2. They must pay legal damages to me.
3. They must pay attorney fees to the ACLU.
4. They must write an apology letter to me.
5. My favorite part, the city's staff *and its attorneys* must take First Amendment training.

All in all, I'm incredibly impressed with the ACLU's work on this case. I know it's not typical to file a lawsuit and win a month later, but I think just shows how blatant their attempts to censor me were. I'm super grateful to the ACLU for helping me with this, because as I said above, I wouldn't have been able to afford an attorney and the city would have gotten away with their threat. I'm also grateful to r/legaladvice for encouraging me to contact the ACLU -- thank you for all of the help!
*Edit: [Original](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5oa42v/dog_ate_my_neighbors_drone_am_i_liable_il/) *

A small update to my neighbor flying his drone in my backyard and attacking my dog:

I was served a summons by a Sheriff's Deputy, neighbor decided to take me to Small Claims over his drone. My MIL is a paralegal secretary, so I was able to get a free consultation with a lawyer where she works to ask some questions about what to bring and how to prepare. He seemed genuinely amused that my neighbor was even trying to sue. He also suggested I counter sue and how I could possibly add in more damages. 

He also told me that my neighbor and I technically live within 5 miles of an airport, and even though it doesn't have a tower technically that falls under FAA regulations. I called the hotline from google and spoke to them about my neighbor's hobby of flying out of line of sight, flying several thousand feet in the air, flying near an airport and made an inquiry into if he was registered to fly drones, saying he owned two very large drones (he already bought a new one, this one is almost 5' across). I don't know the weight of his, but it definitely is at least a few pounds. They took my information and have called me back once, so I know they're investigating but don't know anything else. Not sure if they'll tell me anything anyways.

I brought both police reports to court, as well as several photos of my backyard, photos of our shared 8' high privacy fence, medical bills for my  dog, and a few short videos I had of him doing fly bys over my dog in the past. His main argument to the judge was that I "maliciously installed a table to allow my dog to jump high enough to catch his drone, which I (somehow) trained him to do". Which, yes I had recently bought a new picnic table, but only so I have somewhere to sit and eat outside. I argued that his flying was causing my dog anxiety and that's what provoked it, and thanks to y'alls advice, that my dog could have potentially died from ingesting part of the drone or if the drone hit him. In the end, he now has to pay me just under $2,000 for various vet bills (xrays, dental exams, sedation, medication etc). He is also banned from flying over my property, and I installed trail cams front and back yards just in case. He seems pretty upset with me, so I wanted to be careful. 

The only thing that could make this better is if the FAA finds a reason to fine him or take away his drones.
My daughter was playing with a wild raccoon last night and got bit. I killed a raccoon in the area foaming at the mouth. Not sure if its the same one but refuse to take the chance. 

My wife vehemently refused the rabies series because its a vaccine. I am in panic mode and I am taking her to a hospital over 50 miles away near Dallas. 

Can I kidnap my own daughter? There is not a custody agreement in place because we are married and not separated. Probably will be soon though. 

I need to know what to watch out for here and what to say to police if I get stopped. Rabies is fatal so I am not playing with this one. 

I am leaving here in 10 minutes so just need to know a few things. 

Is it kidnapping in this case?

Will I be arrested? 

What do I do if she calls in an amber alert?

I am desperate.
Due to the huge amount of PMs and chats that I've received and the fact that people in our district are identifying us by this post, I have removed the story to avoid being doxxed. We have no desire to go public and we do not want this story of sexual harassment to be attached to our daughter forever. Please leave us alone.

And to the person who messaged me and told me I should have never had children and that I'm taking feminism back a step, please reconsider your feeling of entitlement over my daughter's body, time, and life. Going public would have lasting ramifications for her social life and self esteem, particularly if subjected to internet trolls and the like. She is not obligated to dedicate the entirety of her emotional energy to an internet phenomenon. We are handling this without the media.
So my parents are heavily Mormon and we just recently had a tithing settlement and when they asked me if I had paid my tithing I told them no. They then asked me if I had a plan to fix that and I told them that I worked too hard just to give that money away.

Anyways so afterwards, my mom, who is my account co-owner as I am under 18, decided to take 10% of my bank account out and refuses to give it back.

This isn’t legal right?

*Update: I plan to slowly over the next few days, withdraw the money over time. I will leave some in as to not look suspicious. I will try talking to my mom about paying the 500$ just to keep her on my good side. 

*Update 2: Ok now this has gotten ridiculous.

Turns out my dad is sick of my mom overspending so he did two things. He’s stopped paying tithing himself and swapped my moms credit card for a debit card. My mom took my money to pay off tithing for him and she gave me roughly 200$ back. She said she’ll give me the rest back and that she’s still disappointed in me for not paying my tithing. I’m at a loss what to do next.

*Update 3: Doesn’t sound like I’m getting my money back any time soon, both my parents are in a significant amount of debt, my parents fought a lot yesterday apparently. My mom spent almost 10,000$ on stuff for the past month or so. My dad has started making cuts in our budget to fix this, tithing being one of them. 

I’m still following through with taking my money and putting it in a place where my parents can’t touch it. Just in case they get any ideas.
Background: my mom worked at a very small hospital in a very small town for 30+ years and is close to most of the doctors, nurses, and office workers not only in the hospital but around the whole town as well. My GP who I have seen since I was ~10 years old is one of them my mother is close with. I moved away for college when I was 18 but continued seeing him due to just not wanting to mess with finding a new GP and my mom wanting me to continue seeing him since I've seen him half my life. 

I get routine blood work done to measure how my liver is doing as well as monitor the levels of a certain medication I take to make sure that I'm not getting too little/too much. The results of this information or the fact that I have those tests done isn't a big secret I want to keep, they don't really mean anything unless I were to become sick and they don't test for information like say illicit drugs. 

The first time I had this work done, I hadn't been to that doctor in a while to really remember if this had happened in the past, but they called my mom with my results. They even told her specifics, like what my liver enzymes were and what exact mg/mL the medication level was. Again, it's not like to my mother this is anything I want to hide, but it was a little concerning that she got the call and I never received any call about my results. I go in for these monthly, so the next month that I went I told the woman working in the lab of the office that I wanted to update my information to make sure I got the results (I thought also since I had been seeing this doctor since I was 10 I probably had never given them my phone number). A few days later my mother again got the call and called to tell me my results; I again got no call from the office. Once again, not a big deal, but since this happened when I explicitly gave my phone number in place of my mother's, I was a little tipped off that I wasn't called again. I chose to wait until my next lab work to say anything again anyway. 

At this visit I had both lab work and an appointment to get a refill on birth control. He asked me to do a pregnancy test in with this blood work due to me running out of said birth control a few days earlier. I wasn't worried that I was pregnant, but I knew that now it was serious time to make them stop calling my mom with my results. I asked the lady drawing my blood to confirm my phone number to see if it even got put in last time. It did, so on my way out I stopped to talk to the women who always work in the office/at the desk and tell them explicitly that I and I alone want to be called for my results - not my mother. They nonchalantly agreed and I asked them to check my phone number on the system they use in the office, and it was there. I happened to be visiting in town during this time and staying with my mom, who, you guessed it, got the phone call right in front of me telling her my results including negative pregnancy test. My mom BLEW UP at me asking why I needed to take a pregnancy test (I didn't think this was a big deal especially since it was negative). That all blew over, but at this point I was pissed that she kept getting this information. 

I ended up getting into it with my mom, telling her that that was a direct breech of HIPAA and she knows it after working in a hospital. She laughed it off and said something about the doctor knowing me since I was born, her being friends with the office ladies and the doctor, and the one that hit me the most, "it's not a big deal - I'm your mom!"

Since then, I've been getting my lab work done elsewhere. To no surprise there are no issues. I don't really know what to do here. Since I cut ties with that doctor, I no longer have personal problems with this, but I'm sure other people do without even knowing it. I don't have resources really for a lawyer. I might consider it depending on how serious you all think this is. So how serious is it really?

EDIT: TN, USA
[This is my first post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5gexji/girlfriend_now_ex_is_pregnant_and_wants_to_give/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=legaladvice) 

Short version: I'm sitting here and my baby daughter is right here next to me, taking a nap!

Long version:

If you remember, I asked about how I should go about stopping my then-pregnant ex from leaving the baby for adoption. I listened to the suggestions. Got a lawyer. Put myself on the registry as well.

She really wanted to fight me over this right until the last month of the pregnancy. I was fully ready to fight her legally to get my rights as the father. But in the final month she changed her mind and decided that give me full custody instead of giving up the child for adoption. So we had no messy legal right over it.

The childbirth and custody situation went very smoothly. My lawyer took care of it quickly and my ex made it easy as well. Her family didn't like this, but they couldn't do anything about it in the end.

So I have my baby daughter!

Taking care of my baby is difficult but certainly worth it. I feel like I have something to live for! My family has been super helpful and with their help we can make sure my daughter is happy. I also got a promotion at work. I realized that I need to be more ambitious because I now have a baby to provide for. A higher position was open at my work and I asked for the promotion but they told me I'm too young. I offered to do the job for as a trial 1 month without any extra pay only to prove that I can do it. After a month they gave me the job! 

As most of you suggested (and my lawyer did too), I had my lawyer file for child support after I had full custody. My ex didn't like it and wasn't expecting it. She actually called me names and various insults and all of that. But I didn't say anything, just that communications should go through my lawyer. She said she regrets making it easy for me to get the baby. I don't know. I didn't need the child support payments for daily care of my daughter but I think she deserves to have something saved up for the future and for her college. I didn't have the chance to go to college (not smart enough, I'm not good at studying) but I want to make sure my daughter has the chance! My sister in law is helping me setup a 529 plan with vanguard and I think I'll send most of the child support payments there once I start receiving them.

Thank you all. 
[So i came here yesterday to ask for some advice on my situation and I thought I might as well leave a update](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9l2z39/co_my_autistic_brother_was_banned_from_the_local/)

&amp;#x200B;

So I want to start out by saying that I was wrong and I want to apologize to anyone I may have hurt with my last question. It was wrong of me to defend my brothers actions and I wish I could have seen that at the time but thats the past.

I went to my parents and talked to them and they have begun to see that they were wrong too. Me and my dad went last night and apologized to the shop owner for our actions and how we treated him and the victim of my brother and that we agree with his ban. The owner was genuinely happy with us for this so i'm glad we did that. The girl who who my brother touched was also at the store and despite what many of you said I felt that I needed to apologize to her too because she deserved it after my actions and she thanked me for it. My parents are now looking into different options to deal with my brother including therapy and other programs. 

&amp;#x200B;

I really want to end this by saying thank you for helping me learn I was wrong. Like I said I'm sorry if i hurt anyone with my post, I didn't mean to do that but it was wrong of me too. This has been a learning experience for me and I hope that I can become a better person because of it.
Its kind of a genius revenge tactic, but the ones who suffered the most are my new renters.  One guy has a thyroid problem and had to repurchase $500 in meds.  A lot of people missed paychecks or credit cards.  One lady missed the receipt of a Death Certificate.  We thought someone was stealing the mail from the mailbox at first but then we started watching the mailman just skip over the house everyday and some "test" mail didn't move.  So I tried calling the USPS and that got me nowhere.  Going down in person was the only way to do this I guess.  Turns out, some lady who we'd kicked out for being nasty, attracting bugs, and breaking furniture was mad or something or maybe using my address like a personal PO Box?  Who knows.  The post office was really nice about it though and gave me back all my mail.  Still, how could this have happened?  Surely this can't be legal.  I got copies of her hold requests too as proof it was her.  She hadn't lived there in 2 weeks when she put in the first one. 

Edit:  Well that was quick~!  The Post Office called me directly before I could even report her and pro-actively already reported this lady to the postal inspector.  They're very certain what she did is illegal.  Thanks /u/BeamDriver for the advice!  Important lesson here kids:  Don't fuck with people's mail, because the USPS apparently is the most effective law enforcement agency there is.  

Edit 2:  OMG this made it to the front page?  Not what I expected from a post that was solved on the first comment.  Thanks for your updoots everyone!  
Thank you for all the support! We have started a change.org petition to attempt to reach our legislators in the state.[Petition for longer lunches](https://chn.ge/2NmugBR) 
Update: I'll be sure to post updates so please stop PMing me or replying to my comments/post history outside of this sub asking me to do so or suggesting I shit-bomb them back. 

My wife noted that what we think might be his kid comes around most weekends. In the interest of remaining neighborly and with the possibility neighbor dude might be losing his mind, we're going to talk with them before lawyering up or involving the fuzz. Updates forthcoming.

Original post:
Hey all, I have a shitty situation here that I'm hoping to get some advice about. This is in Idaho.

&amp;#x200B;

My neighbor is shit-bombing my front yard. A new neighbor bought a house across the street about 6 months ago. A few weeks back, I was working in the garage when I saw him take his dog directly across the street, into my front yard. He let it pee in my yard and then walked straight home. He didn't notice me  - my garage is set up as a shop and is pretty busy, and the garage door is up a lot - but this piqued my interest because it's goddamned weird. Now, my wife and I have a dog so there are a few dog droppings from her that we pick up on a regular basis. My wife had been doing the dooty duty recently, so I asked her if there are more piles than normal. Sure enough, she said there had been a ton for a while now. She figured it was assholes walking their dogs and letting them crap in our lawn. I figured it was our new weirdo neighbor.

&amp;#x200B;

It happened again around a week later: I was in the garage as the neighbor took his dog into our lawn. This time the dog dropped a deuce and he started to walk away without picking it up. I called out to him, asking him if he needs a plastic bag to pick up after his dog, and he avoided eye contact and scurried back home.  I went across the street and knocked on his door. He didn't answer. We set up a security camera to discretely watch the front lawn and I kept an eye out for when he was next out in his yard so I could talk to him.

&amp;#x200B;

I reviewed the footage over the next few days and, sure enough, he was consistently taking his dog to do the deed in our yard. Why our yard? No clue, we've never had any interaction with this guy whatsoever. The next time I saw him walking to his car, I confronted him. I simply told him that I knew he was taking his dog to shit in our yard and if I caught him doing it again I'd call the police to report him for trespassing. He denied doing it, claiming it must be other neighbors, got in his car, and drove away with me standing in his driveway.

&amp;#x200B;

So I review the footage from the last few days. Dude is not walking his dog into my yard anymore: he's letting the dog shit in his yard. He then scoops it up, walks it across the street, and tosses it into my yard with a shovel. What the absolute fuck.

&amp;#x200B;

How do I even begin handling this?
Well, here's my update! And with good news!

So first of all, I just wanted to say: wow. The amount of support I received, both in replies and in PMs, was absolutely amazing. Everything from fantastic advice to hilarious commentary. The person who said "Sand is a weird name for a guy" had me in stitches.

That said - I feel like people assumed a much worse picture of my landlord (people telling me to buy cameras, etc). He's a nice enough person, but has some very problematic views. He grew up in rural (Arkansas, I think? That or Alabama) and came to MA later in life. This was his first time being a landlord, so he still had the idea in his head that it was "his house", so to speak. That, coupled with the fact that up till now he'd avoided even talking with people who were openly gay, led to a lot of ignorance.

I know some of you were hoping I'd screw him over for all he's worth, or torment him with daily updates of my gay agenda, but alas, I decided to take the calmer approach, and it seemed to work. 

Yesterday I sat down with him, and first laid out the various information that you guys helped me find. Everything from sexual orientation being a protected class, treble damages, and the fact that those old laws and 100% completely unenforceable. He realized VERY quickly that he was in the wrong, and he has fucked up bad. He also admitted that even he didn't know what he defined as "the sin of homosexuality", or how he'd enforce the fine. He just kneejerk reacted to the (to him) shocking news. 

We ended up chatting for about 2 hours then, and it started with me dispelling a lot of misconceptions about gays (some of his notions were comically bad - like, if I weren't having the conversation with him I'd think he were a caricature). He's a lot older than me, and his kids recently moved across the country (and he was renting their house for him), so I think he had some notions of being a father figure to me, and thinking he could "lay down the law" or "set me straight". He seemed genuine, and seemed to be legitimately concerned for me and my soul. I reminded him to hate the sin and not the sinner, and that seemed to resonate with him.

He still doesn't agree with homosexuality or my lifestyle, but he's willing to accept it. He seemed to be earnestly trying, and in my mind that counts for a lot. He agreed to write both me and my boyfriend a letter of apology (which I will be keeping copies of in case this matter comes up again and needs to go to court).

The past few days have been super stressful, but it seems to be resolved. If things go well, I might even potentially renew the lease come September. I'll still be on guard for any shenanigans, but I think I'll leave the issue where it lies for now. If this was all a ruse or him backpedaling, I'll go at him with everything I can in the future - but for now I'm satisfied. I'm truly appreciative of all the people who offered advice and moral (and immoral!) support in the original thread.
[Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5smsoi/indiana_im_pregnant_and_being_investigated_by_dcs/) is my original post. When I made it, I was advised to get a lawyer right away. I was also advised that Indiana's DCS doesn't investigate pregnant women who don't already have kids, and that the woman claiming to be a social worker might be an imposter.

I contacted and met with a lawyer, and explained the situation to him. He seemed to agree that something was very fishy. To make a long story short, the woman "handling our case" has no affiliation with DCS. 

I'm still in complete shock.

We went straight to the police. They're taking this very seriously. I can't give a lot of details because it's an ongoing investigation, but she seems to have been a very skilled/well-researched liar. I never would have known anything was amiss without the advice of this subreddit and the intervention of my attorney. I feel like a complete idiot, but the instinct to cooperate unquestioningly when faced with an intimidating "authority figure" is strong.

I haven't had the baby yet. We're staying at a trusted family member's home until the baby is born. My OB and the hospital we'll be delivering at have already been informed of the situation, and will be taking the appropriate security measures. I'm still freaking out, but we're taking every precaution for the safety of my child, and hopefully everything will turn out okay.

Thanks again, everybody. Truly.
I have been accused of a litany of sexual crimes, some against children because of the way I dress. My neighbor is so adamant about all of this she's got me a bit worried. 

About a month ago, I moved in with my sister and her boyfriend into a neighborhood that's mostly families. I didn't expect any trouble. My first introduction to this woman, let's call her Karen, was my first week here. I went to check the mail and I wasn't wearing a bra. I had on a baggy t shirt and basketball shorts, though. Karen is one of *those* Southern women who spend all day in their yards, pretending to garden, but are really spying on their neighbors. You know the type. She waved at me and I waved back, trying to be pleasant. She came at me, I thought to make a proper introduction, or whatever, but she started lecturing me about not having on a bra.

It was creepy and weird. I am not at all well endowed, I go without frequently and so far, no one seems to pick up on it, but not Karen. Karen urged me to think of her children and Jesus, who was always watching, and my parents (bless their hearts) she *knows* they raised me better than this. It was so goddamn weird, I felt like laughing in her face, but I didn't want there to be issues so I said I'd be more diligent in the future and Karen went about her business.

Well, wearing a bra wasn't good enough for Karen, y'all, oh no. Not only is blasting my nips lewd, so are regular women's shorts and any form fitting type of bottoms even if they cover my sinful legs. Karen seems to have an issue with the lower half of my body. While my breasts are small and humble, I am "aesthetic" from the waist down.

The second time Karen confronted me, her brood was playing in the street and any semblance of pleasantness was gone. She threatened to call the police on me for indecent exposure in front of her children, insinuated I got off on arousing her tween boys, called me a hussy, a Jezebel and that I needed Jesus. Because I was wearing Jean shorts.

We live in a nice area, lots of woods, by lakes and parks and I like to go out for walks, but it seems every time I step foot out of my door, there's fucking Karen making snide remarks, outright threatening to call the police, or gossiping with other bored housewives. It's getting annoying. 

This is in Florida, by the way.

EDIT: I got dressed up in my skimpiest daisy dukes that barely cover my ass and a legit camel toe, a half shirt with no bra on, my abs exposed to check the mail (I do not regularly dress like this) I must have been quite a sight to Karen who immediately stormed over once she spotted me, nearly knocking over her lawn chair she stood up so fast. She started laying into me. I just stood there letting her bump her gums for a minute then I said "you can stop the games, Karen. I see the way you look at me, I know you want me." Her face went beet red and she stammered out, "I'll pray for you." Then scurried away. Actually went inside her house. 😂
Previous post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9iun6h/being_sued_for_helping_a_choking_victim_or/?st=JMQ6D09Z&amp;sh=0a252ed4)

TL;DR of last post: Got a letter from a firm to prepare for a lawsuit for battery to someone i preformed the Heimlich on. 


Well, I took y’alls advice and went back to the restaurant, i spent about an hour and a half waiting and then speaking with a shift manager who called the general manager who called the owner, and they swore up and down that no one had come to ask for a tape or anything of the sort. 

Then i started looking for defense attorneys but I wasn’t sure exactly how to proceed, honestly this week i’ve been mortified and really on edge. Finally when i told my friends about everything one of them fessed up to the fact that it was actually them and they made it up as some kind of prank. Pretty twisted joke, I wasn’t laughing. I’m pretty pissed and seriously reconsidering my relationship with him. I appreciate everyone’s support, excluding the people who made fun of my mother’s death or tried to figure out where i lived. 

TL;DR: Friend made a fake letter from a law firm, soon he might be able to sue me for battery 
This is an update to [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6pcmwx/school_wants_my_sons_facebook_password_email_also/).

I went to school and asked what's going on. I did that both to confirm that the call was genuine and to see why they want to violate my son and our family's privacy on such a massive scale.

First, the call was genuine and it wasn't a scam. Second, the principal explained the situation to me. It had to do with another student who attempted suicide because of bullying during the summer. Thank goodness she is now alright (and has since moved to another school) but this was part of the school's investigation to figure out how it happened.

When I asked how is it any of my son's business, they said they've seen them hang out together and while they don't think my son was involved in the bullying himself, they'd like to read his conversations with her because she may have confined in him about the students involved in bullying. I asked why this information wasn't obtained from the parents of that student, the answer was that they weren't willing to work with the school about it and she had left so they had no power (strange use of words in this situation) over them.

I told them to leave my son out of this witchhunt and the way they're speaking to us they sound like they're trying to bully us into helping their anti-bullying investigation which is troubling and absurd. I told them that if they ever approach my son or try to take his phone or anything by force or threat I'm going to make a big deal out of this, talk to the superintendent and hire a lawyer.

Up until this day, they haven't said or done a thing.

I talked to my son about the girl and what happened to her, he knew her and they had some mutual friends but they weren't exactly friends and he wasn't aware of her suicide attempt. He only knew that she had left the school. He showed me their conversations and there wasn't much there except talking about movies and tv shows.

In short: they backed off after I made sure they understood that I won't take any harassment or violation of our privacy lightly.

Small edit; thanks for the couple of who messaged me the mistake. Someone messaged me and asked me if the parents of the girl had allowed the school to share the suicide news with me. I will try talking to them to make sure. They deserve to know if the school is not respecting their privacy, it's something they seem to be good at. 
 [Original Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8chp37/ga_just_moved_into_a_condo_neighbor_is_tasing/)

Tl;dr of previous post\- My next door neighbor is absolutely convinced I have a pet bird and has made complaints to the HOA, animal control, and the police because my supposed pet bird is so loud it is causing emotional distress.

I got another complaint from the head guy running the HOA that my \(now multiple\) birds are causing severe emotional distress to my neighbors and their children, who can't sleep at night because of my "flock" of birds. The wife sent a recording to him as proof of my bird\(s\), and to tell him to tell me my smoke alarm is also beeping and needs the batteries replaced because they can hear it from their unit as well. 

Now, you can clearly hear a smoke alarm beeping, as well as birds chirping on the recording. However, the beeping is coming from their unit, as I can faintly hear it if I press my ear to the shared wall. And the birds that are supposedly my pets? The ones that are so loud that their whole household can't sleep and it's causing severe emotional distress? THOSE ARE THE BIRDS OUTSIDE. IT'S LITERALLY THE CHIRPING OF THE BIRDS OUTSIDE THEY'RE HEARING. Now, I'm no Disney princess, so I have no effect on wild birds\- or imaginary pet birds\- for that matter. I mean, my singing is so terrible it actually scares them away.  And I'm not sure how any person that is not a complete moron would mistake ordinary bird chirping for "a flock of loud, abused rain forest birds".

I've sent a letter to the HOA telling them to kindly pound sand and stop harassing me over the wild birds that I have no control over. I'm also going to record the birds from my porch and from inside the condo so if they say I have birds again I can prove that it's just ordinary outside birds making reasonable outside bird noises.  I'm looking into get a bird feeder as well, because it's allowed by the HOA covenants and fuck these people for being utter imbeciles and blaming me for the natural behaviour of wild animals. 

Now I'm just going to sit and wait for the next problem they have with me,  because I don't think these nitwits will take kindly to being proven wrong over something so stupid.
I would like to thank you guys for the help and all the creative ideas you have proposed in the [original thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5kkp7e/this_mankid_keeps_flying_a_drone_over_my_house/). Sorry for not updating you right away as I was really impacted by the death of a very close person in my family.

So here’s what happened. I liked one of the comments here where it said to see if there is anyone who fly drones as a hobby willing to use his drone for me for a thousand dollar instead of me paying for a whole new drone, figured just like you guys said it would make someone’s day to fly a drone as a hobby and also get paid. So I hired a guy which I'll call him Frank.

After waiting for 3 days at my house every morning the drone finally flew to us but apparently when the other kid saw the other drone take off he went crazy and tried to hit it or take it down, which he did, which resulted in the kid’s drone and frank’s drone both to go down broken on the ground. 

A few minutes later this kid came running to the house (whom I recognized lives a couple of blocks away) and started whining about how we flew our drone in his way and crashed it bla bla bla. We went and spoke to his dad and showed him all the footage and explained all the shit his son has caused. Shockingly he was completely understanding. He told me he would put me through one of his lawyers so that they would offer both Frank and I a settlement if I agree not to sue. I called my lawyer and we all met a week later and he reimbursed Frank for his drone plus way more money that I would’ve ever paid him. He also wrote me a check for what his son has caused under the condition that I wont pursue any legal action.

It was a happy ending and I was quite shocked of his father’s reaction and his willingness to pay for everything his son has caused, but I must admit that I feel sad knowing that his dad is definitely the one enabling him to do so. Never have I felt his dad was mad about anything his son did. While we were there discussing what happened his dad received a phone call and then shortly after ending it he started telling his son what the other party was saying and they both started making jokes about the caller! So the whole thing made me feel that his dad was like “mehhh just another day, my son caused damage and I’ll just have to pay those people here for this to go all away”.
My little brother got involved with drugs and overdosed because he got a bad batch with fentanyl. He was with the drug dealer when it happened and the guy had prior charges, so instead of calling an ambulance, he took my brother's phone and left. My little brother was found the next morning by some amazing woman that took him out of the car and did CPR till the ambulance got there. I got a call that morning to come to the hospital because I was his emergency contact. I knew it was bad after the phone call but not the full extent. He was brain dead and could have been saved if the guy has just called an ambulance.

I didn't immediately start digging, I just thought he overdosed. My parents wouldn't take him off life support for 3 days(they have to make the decision, I was not allowed) and I stayed with him the whole time. In the middle of night 2, the nurse station got a phone call pretending to be me and trying to get information about my brothers condition. They gave the phone to me and he hung up and when I called back he wouldn't give me a name and was just very suspicious, I didn't let on that's how I felt but when I got off the phone all the ICU nurses agreed it the dealer trying to find out information. I did some digging and then I called the police and gave them everything I found. His car was still parked a couple houses down from the dealers house. A homicide detective called me and we made an appointment over text message to go get the car(she wanted it searched and I had an extra key, they said his key was gone). 

The day of the appointment she texted me to say she had the car towed to the police station. We made another appointment a few days later where she handed me off to the narcotics detective and told me he was taking over. The narcotics detective told me he was going to search the car after our appointment, I asked if I could be there and he said no. Somehow they ended up with my brother's key after telling me they didn't have it. I had to plan the funeral so I just let the police do their thing and they told me they would let me know when I could pick up the car. My brother was in the process of moving so his car was filled to the brim with his belongings. Fast forward 2 weeks and I am told I can come pick up the car. When I was let in to the locked lot, I noticed all his cars windows were down including the sunroof. It had rained pretty steady for three weeks and the car was literally a puddle. I had the car towed to my mother's and started going through his stuff. All his belongings are ruined including the car, electronics, artwork. 

The police had the key, it was in a locked lot, and they wouldn't let me get the car for weeks. The narcotics officers were just too lazy to close the windows and sunroof I guess because I don't see why they would do it on purpose. They could have let me know at anytime and I would have driven down there and closed the windows. I'm not sure where to go from here. Are the police responsible for any of this? This is in MD, if that helps. 


A second update. Still in California.

https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9bveru/update_my_brother_hacked_into_everything_and_is/

Without exaggeration, this was probably the of the worst of my life. 

After getting served the injunction/temporary restraining order thing, my brother 1. told my parents and 2. chose to immediately violate it. He left me several messages that essentially was low key threatening to ruin my life and I was scared so I reported it. He was taken to jail and to my current understanding is going to get a type of misdemeanor charge for it if he already hasn't. I don't know if hes in jail right now.

I knew my parents were going to take his side but they have effectively disowned me for this. My parents are very religious conservative catholics (i'm not religious anymore but they don't know that) and they were very upset by me reporting it. Thats an understatement. I have enough scholarships where I will be able to continue paying for my living expenses/school with my part time job but they way they treated me was horrible. They're very upset because thisll probably screw up his college according to the talks we've had. They said i'm disgusting/not welcome home etc. My dad sent me a video of him and my mom burning most of the belongings i left at his house (not much important to me but still). they don't believe me about the camera and my dad said he specifically didnt care even if it was there. just screaming the entire time, i stopped answering my phone and checking my email because it terrifies me. i bought a new cheap computer because even though someone helped me wipe it clean i'm honestly too scared of using the old one at this point.

i haven't left my room in a week. the worst of it is over i think but i feel like i felt in a pit. I can't stop crying.



Thank you to everyone for the advice. I'm also a SHE by the way (many of you thought I was a dude lol), but on to the update:  
  
  
  
  

After my initial post, I saw that many of you advised for me to call the manager and demand information from her because Enterprise is the one at fault and I shouldn't have to go to the police for their mistake. So I did exactly this, and she told me that id I want her to give me more info, I would need to file a police report within 24 hours and email it to her as evidence that I am NOT the person who rented the car.  If not, she would report me for Embezzlement and Grand Theft to the Sacramento Police. Upon hearing this, I decided to file a report immediately online with the San Jose Police Department. I know many of you said I shouldn't because its not my fault but after she told me the consequences, I did not want to take any chances where I could end up with a warrant on my head.  I thought that if anything, filing this report would also prove my innocence if the police actually did come knocking on my door.  After filing it, I emailed her the copy and she responded the next day, saying that she recieved it and to give her a call.  When I spoke to her over the phone this time, she said that I was in the clear and finally gave me information about what had happened:  
  
  
  
  

On May 29, a woman claiming to be me had come in to rent out a black cadillac. She showed the representative "her" drivers license that had MY information on it, and paid for the car rental upfront with CASH. (I thought that you need a credit card to do this but apparently you can just use cash) The manager also says that she has video surveillance of the woman which she will turn into the Sacramento Police later that afternoon. The following morning, she emailed me the number of her report which she filed as FRAUD, and said that the police opened up an investigation which she will keep me updated on.  At this point, I was relieved to be in the clear yet also pissed that some woman is out there impersonating me. I then started contemplatig about taking a 3 hour drive to Sacramento see who the hell this woman is. However, turns out I didn't have to because 2 HOURS LATER...  
  
  
  
THE SAN JOSE POLICE DID SHOW UP KNOCKING ON MY FRONT DOOR. ( 2 Policemen and 2 CHP officers) Before opening it, the first thing I did was grab the copy of the police report I printed because I seriously thought that they were going to arrest me  (2 squad cars, 4 officers, and 1 me). When I open the door,  the first thing they ask me is if NAME OF WOMAN I DO NOT KNOW lives at my home? I tell them no, and that I have no idea who that is,  then they ask if I am ALYMG and I tell them that I am. They then begin to inform me about a car accident that happened in the nearby town of Fremont that morning. The accident was a hit and run, with the driver fleeing the scene but she dropped her drivers license which they found on the floor. They then show the license to me and it's an EXACT replica of MY DRIVERS LICENSE, and I ask them how this is possible if I have my license in my wallet? They then tell me to go grab it and after comparing the two side by side, one of them tells the others that the one they have is a fake. (The black strip on theirs is chipping but mine isn't... it's not supposed to chip) I then ask them if the driver  was the woman who stole the car from Enterprise, and they ask me to ellaborate which is when I hand them my report. I explain what happened which prompts them to give me more details about the accident, and they tell me that the woman was driving a stolen car and crashed into another vehicle, but she fled the scene in the black cadillac from Enterprise.  So basically, the rental car was used as the "getaway car" and was identified by the witnesses in the other vehicle. I told the officers that I have the plate number of the vehicle in the demand letter, and the that info down as well. I then asked them who is the NAME OF THE WOMAN I DO NOT KNOW and they told me that she is the who stole the car. However, I'm not sure how they know that (fingerprints maybe) but they did show me her mugshot, and we DO NOT look a-like at all. Idk how the hell she was able to rent the car in the first place but whoever rented it to her probably didn't even check for a comparison. But after this, the police then thanked me and told me that they'll call me when there's an update on the case.  
  
  
   
  
  
  

I do have her name now though, and After doing a google search I found her Facebook and other social media accounts. I'm very tempted to message her but I've decided to leave this to the police because I have no idea who this bitch is, and don't know if she's dangerous (she might be gang affiliated or something  and she DOES know where I live) However, I do hope that they catch this bitch and will update you all when that happens. 


SECOND UPDATE: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7vi2zk/pa_update_2_my_ex_has_nude_photos_of_me_and

Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7r12hs/pa_my_ex_has_nude_photos_of_me_and_threatens_to


My post was not hugely popular, but I have a small update. Thank you to everyone who commented on my previous post, I read all of them, even the ones I didn't reply to immediately.

I called the police last night. An officer came out to my house, he read the messages, saw the photos, and said, "Yeah that's illegal and I don't think it gets much easier to prosecute than this." He had my fiance send him screenshots of everything and then the photos separately. He took my ex's information, our information, and the surprisingly ample amount of information I have on his girlfriend. 

My ex is currently on both probation and parole, so the officer is reaching out to his PO today for a current address since he refused to provide it to me. He'll be calling my ex today, and if he hangs up on him or gets smart, he'll be prepared with an address to just go talk to him. He also knows where he is working this evening while the officer is on duty, so that is a last resort.

He is also going to run the evidence and our statements by the DA's office today and get the green light to proceed with charges, which apparently will include an actual arrest once everything that needs to happen happens. I'm not clear on the details exactly, I just know that they are almost certainly going to be charging him with a misdemeanor 2. 

Additionally, I am almost positive that my ex's current girlfriend, who he has been with for roughly 9 months now, was involved in some manner. She is an RN, so if it comes to light that she was complicit, she could also be charged and lose her job. I don't know how it would impact her license as an RN, but I did work for the hospital she works for currently, and any charges, no matter how minor, result in termination. The officer confirmed this, as well. 

And I took everyone's advice - I contacted my attorney. He is drafting a cease and desist letter to send to both my ex and his current partner. He is also going to request a copy of the police report to add to the already massive stack of evidence of reasons why he should not get custody of either of his kids, he should remain strictly on visitation, if he's lucky enough to even get that.

Thank you everyone, I have a small amount of hope that this will work out favorably. My current partner doesn't care what he has to say or what pictures he sends, he sees it every day. He also knows that my ex is vindictive and is grasping at straws in an adult temper tantrum. Hopefully this will end the years of this crap from my ex, as this is not the first partner he has done this with. It's just finally a charge in PA!
Because I know you lovable assholes are all about the updates...and seriously, thanks for all the kindness on my post.  You all helped break the cycle of panic.

Original:  https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8nxple/colorado_my_landlord_has_revoked_permission_for/

Turns out it wasn't my landlord at all.  It was my roommate SAYING my landlord had said I couldn't hospice there.

Yeah.  I know.

I specifically moved in with this person for this reason...with the understanding I would be dying in this house.  I'm not sure if it was malice or just idiocy but apparently she thought that 'terminally ill' was just a cutsie designation or something?  And I guess she thought it wouldn't actually happen.  So instead of telling me six months ago, or three months ago, or when the hospice nurse started coming to the house...she tells me three weeks into hospice care that, supposedly, the landlord says "You can't do in-home hospice here".  


Obviously this is super illegal (thanks, LA!), and I call my lawyer who calls me back at noon on a fucking Saturday to say nofuckingwayisthisokayholyshit.  Lawyer wants the landlord's contact info asap so we can get moving on this immediately.

I started to get suspicious when the roommate wouldn't give me the contact info for the landlord...finally, after I threatened roommate with lawyers, roommate gave landlord's info to me... and I call landlord and of course the landlord had no clue what I was talking about because roommate hadn't even discussed it with her.

So yes, it is an illegal eviction and interestingly because I subtenant to the roommate and not the landlord,yes, we are going to pursue it fully.  My attorney is thrilled, my landlord didn't do anything wrong and is will be getting rid of a super shady tenant (my roommate), and my roommate will have to pay for what she did, hopefully.  Everybody wins?  

Except I still gotta die, yo.  After I move lol.  At least I can afford it I guess.  :( 

Thanks LA.   
Last post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/92evgg/can\_my\_parents\_force\_a\_pregnancy\_test/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/92evgg/can_my_parents_force_a_pregnancy_test/)

&amp;#x200B;

I'd like to take a minute to say thank you to everyone who responded to my last post. Your advice helped prepare me for what came next.

&amp;#x200B;

Pretty soon after I posted, I received a letter in the mail from a lawyer that basically said that my parents were demanding a paternity test on the basis of grandparents rights. I knew from my post that it was unlikely that a lawyer would take this case, so I googled the law firm and lawyer's name. I couldn't find the lawyer's name anywhere, but the law firm was real so I reached out to them. The letter was fake and the law firm was not happy. They asked for the letter and are pursuing some sort of legal action against my parents. I don't know exactly what's happening as I have not been in contact with my parents in a while.

&amp;#x200B;

In other news, my daughter was recently diagnosed with a (very minor) skin condition that is fairly uncommon and that I also have, which means she's most likely mine after all. We still won't be doing a paternity test any time soon, but it was helpful for our peace of mind. 

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks again for the advice everyone!
Location: Toronto, Ontario

I own an apartment in downtown Toronto, our building has had a bad history of problems with AirBnB tenants so we voted to ban any sort of short term rental. Currently i am on the other side of the continent for work, and won't be back until January.

I decided to list my place up for a rental in late August, for rental until Janaury. Since the rental time was almost half a year it doesn't count as a short term rental (several people do this in our building and it is fine). I immediately got a hit by a person named Jane who was a student about to start grad school (i don't know if this is true or not), and we talked and decided to agree to the rental.She signed a document indicating she agreed to the buildings rules, including the notice about "No short term rentals, through services such as AirBnB".

Yesterday i got an email from our property manager:

* On Monday they were testing each units smoke detectors, and he noticed there were 3 people in the unit. Along with a strong smell of pot. They apparently identified themselves as AirBnB renters. (Apparently they tried to deny our property manager from entering, since they weren't sure of who he was since they were only renting this place for a week through AirBnB).
* I am violating the rule about no short term rentals.
* I am apparently in violation of a bunch of rule violations such as the fact that more people are staying in my unit than permitted.
* Apparently multiple guests have been parking overnight in the visitors spot (not allowed) who all recorded my unit number as the one they are visiting.

After getting that email i called him and confirmed, and i was able to find my place listed on AirBnB, using very recent photos of my apartment. I tried to contact Jane, through email (no response), phone calls go to voice mail, and facebook (she blocked me after i sent her a message).

I have tried numerous times to talk to AirBnB, but all they have told me is they can't do anything about this, and basically refused to do anything about the listing.

Aside from all the issues above, frankly i don't feel comfortable with a bunch of random strangers in my apartment at all. Unfortunately i have no idea even what to do about this legally speaking. Do i have any way to block these random people from entering my unit?

\*EDIT\* I forgot to add, that i have talked to a lawyer about evicting the tenant however he told me it could take upto 2+ months, which is why it won't really help. Since by then in \~2 months her lease will be over. I want to stop randoms from AirBnB from entering my apartment now. 
For clarity we're both minors. I'm 16 and my demonic sister is 15. She has never been right since we were little kids. Always violent. She bashed me in the head with a metal pipe when I was 5 because I wouldn't let her ride my bike. All of my life I've been putting up with this shit and I have had enough.

She hits me, breaks my things, literally stabbed me last year, stole the keys to my car and banged it up twice this year. My parents wont do anything about it. She's already in alternative school for stalking another girl in her class. I really don't know what is wrong with her. She's not slow or anything like that before she got kicked out of regular school she was in the gifted program. My parents think she's like this misunderstood genius or whatever. They refuse to involve cops because it's a "family issue". Which brings us to today. My parents force me to let her tag along with me and my friends because honestly she doesn't have any except for this delinquent at the alternative school she is supposedly dating. Whatever, not important.

Anyway, I was hanging out with my friends today and of course the demon was with us. We decided to go to the Dollar Tree to get some snacks. Demon didn't buy anything. As we left the store I could hear something in her bag like a rattling noise. I confronted her and this little beezy stole a bunch of cough pills! I don't know why. Don't they make meth out of those or something? So I told her I was going to call mom. I pulled out my phone right there and she fucking punched me in the face! I was really angry she did that in front of my friends and no way was I going to let her embarrass me so we started fighting. I took her down and had her pinned on the ground. That's what you have to do pin her and let her tire herself because she will NOT stop otherwise. I had her arms pinned and she started flailing her legs and kicking me. She got me in the throat and I was letting her go! I was getting off of her when she kicked me right smack in my face full fucking force like she charged that fucking kick up and broke my nose. Blood was gushing everywhere and she didn't even care she just left! 

It took forever to stop the bleeding and my face is swollen and ugly. It hurts like a bitch. My friend gave me a bunch of Tylenol and it still hurts. I came home and told my parents immediately and they asked me what did *I* do to upset her?! I was so angry I told them I was calling the cops and my dad told me I couldn't go to the cops without parental consent! Is that true??? 

Something needs to be done about her because she's like getting a lot worse and my mom is 8 months pregnant now and I'm really scared for my little brother when he gets here.  Please help me. 

Update: Well shit went down basically how I expected it would. My mom called me very upset that police had came. What happened is my dad answered the door and he was really mad and probably drunk honestly and they told him they were there to check up on my sister. I asked if my friend's mom would really play up the fact she's crazy af to get her Baker Acted because I was afraid they wouldn't arrest her and she'd come after me. Well my dad didn't want to let the cops in and basically told them to fuck off and they threatened to arrest him if he didn't so he finally let them and I guess my sister must have heard all of this going down so she barricaded herself in her room and wouldn't answer so they broke down the door and they found a bunch of empty pill bottles in her room and she was really disoriented so they called an ambulance and she got taken to the hospital. My mom said she went in after they left and there was a bunch of empty bottles of cough medicine. She said my dad is super pissed but she told me she's honestly relieved. 
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5cku3a/tx_wife_has_custody_and_wants_me_to_allow_her_new/

Thanks for the help!

She ended up taking me to court. Her lawyer focused a lot on my criminal record (which had happened before I even met her, and she married me knowing it). Her lawyer claimed otherwise, that I had hidden my record from her and she only learned about it after our marriage. This was very easy for me and my lawyer to disprove as I had email communications with her acknowledging my record. She insisted the emails not being in her inbox is proof that the emails are made up. Perhaps she seriously thought deleting the emails from her account would delete them from mine too. Her own lawyer looked really upset after this. 

She dropped the case immediately after that hearing.

Her own husband apologized to me, said he wouldn't have agreed come forward for adoption if he knew the truth. He was a decent guy. Ex lied to him about me to get him to adopt my son. It's been a couple of months since then and according to my son they're now separated.

I'm talking to my lawyer to change the custody agreement too.  
Hello,

As the post says I am a 27 year old family nurse practitioner in **Virginia**. I work in private practice, think family doctor, and my company from the beginning has required me to use my own personal computer. When I was hired I wasn't told about that, but instead on the first day, they told me to bring it and use it daily as it needs to go in with me to see the patients. I think this is crazy for a variety of reasons- lots of wear/ tear that I'm not compensated with, bring back/ forth- risk of losing it or it being stolen, patient's records on my personal computer, sick people getting germs on my computer and on and on. I have been at this position for 5 months and so far the mouse pad has stopped working because my hands are always wet with hand sanitizer. So then I had to buy a wireless mouse. I have a nice computer and I hate that it's being "destroyed" like this.

&amp;#x200B;

Today I have strep. Strep as an adult is terrible. I told my boss I could either stay home or stay home and work at home clearing lab results, ect. That night on the phone she said yes please work from home. First thing this morning they wanted me to install a timer to my personal computer that allows the practice to see how much time is being spent in each chart, for billing purposes they say. It is a google chrome timer extension. I told them that I would be more than happy to use that on a work computer (we have a few desktops) but I was not comfortable downloading a timer on my home computer. She said OK, but was clearly mad, then 5 minutes later had her assistant call me and tell me to stop working for the day since I wouldn't install the timer and that I was now only allowed to use a desktop at work.

&amp;#x200B;

This is on top of the fact that I have to clock in/ clock out on an app on my phone that tracks my gps. Yes, I have a master's degree and have to clock in/out even for lunch. During the entire time it is on, gps is tracked.

&amp;#x200B;

So listen, I know I need a new job but- is this legal? How do I approach this? I am now going to have to use sick/vacation time that I wasn't planning on using. I think I should be paid for my time today.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8lc7k7/girl_who_i_never_had_sex_with_claims_shes

She was lying. She was protecting her new "boyfriend" who is 24. She said so to her friend who told me then I told her parents. She then confessed to them. She was having sex with the guy when we were fooling around. I've blocked her number and the guy has been arrested.

Thank you for giving me good advice. 
I'm a 16 year old girl. I live with my aunt and uncle and cousins. My maternal grandfather also stays with us. My parents passed away in a car accident two years ago - I was in the car but I survived - and I was taken in by my maternal aunt. My dad grew up an orphan so there is no family on his side.

The last two years have been hell for me. Not only because I still can't get over losing my parents (I cry a lot) but also because the situation with my aunt and her family has been an awful experience. My mom was actually estranged from her family. She was white, and my dad was black. Her family never approved - they disowned her when she decided to marry my dad. They have never really "forgiven" my mom and I guess I'm a walking and talking representation of her "mistake." 

They have told me just that on several occasions. That my existence is a mistake. I get called "halfbreed" and other racist stuff. And I'm constantly on the receiving end of verbal abuse. Sometimes it gets physical. Sometimes it feels like I'm trapped in a minefield. I have to be so careful about where I step cause the repercussions may be explosive. My "uncle" has also made inappropriate sexual advances towards me. He has groped me before and disguised it as "being sloppy with his movements." 

I can't live like this anymore. I'm an absolute emotional mess. I wanna emancipate myself but I don't know how to go about it. I know the odds of getting emancipation rely a lot on the minor being able to show they can be financially independent.

 I'm close with a set of twins at school - I'm dating the boy and the girl is my best friend. Their parents own a farm and I work regularly with the family. I'm also into photography and I've been doing real good with shooting weddings. They are very lucrative and I've saved up a substantial amount. With summer at an end and winter coming up, not so many weddings anymore but I also do like family shoots and other portraits; that also supplements my income.

The parents of my boyfriend and my best friend know my situation and they said they can offer me lodging as an employee. I've also recorded my family being emotionally abusive towards me. I don't know if that is enough to get me emancipated.

I would really appreciate advice.

Thank you



So basically, I lived next door to my neighbor for around 5 years. He was a widower in his early 60s, and we quickly bonded. We watched football together, drank together, and all that. I even went to his church every now and then, even though it's not my bag. The point, I guess, is that even though he had 30 years on me, we were friends. I think this point is important.




He recently passed, which sucks. Then I learned he left me a little something. That little something turned out to be just over $40,000, which nearly knocked my dick off since I had no idea he had that kind of money. That 40k, though a lot of money, was "only" around 5% of his net worth. So it's not like I'm getting the majority of his estate. But then his son, who I'd met a couple times, sued me (as of yesterday), claiming that  I "took advantage" of his elderly father. 




I have three things going for me:




1. My friend was mentally acute. He had his share of health problems (pack-a-day smoker), but none of them were mental.




2. Our town's not big, and I know people who can attest to the fact that we went to the bar and church and watched football together, proving that we actually had a relationship. Hell, I even mowed his lawn, which our neighbors can attest to. These people can be witnesses I think, though I don't know how civil suits work.


3. His adult daughter is a very nice lady, and has no problems with her dad leaving me some of his estate. She came around from time to time, and knew her dad and I hung out and stuff. The first time I met her, her dad and I were watching college football in our robes while sitting on my porch and drinking beer (we live in the South so that's acceptable behavior for grown men). 





Basically, my point is he and I were friends, and does the son have a pot to piss in regarding this lawsuit? Also, what kind of lawyer should I hire? The lawyer who did his will seemed like a straight shooter, but I don't know if me hiring him is a conflict of interest or if he's even the right kind of lawyer to represent me.





Edit: You guys were right. The son's contesting the will, not suing me directly. The letter had a bunch of legal terms, so I didn't get the gist when I first read it. I'll be contacting a lawyer ASAP.
My boyfriend has mobility issues and uses either a wheelchair or crutches depending on his pain levels. I’ve done a lot of home improvement projects to ensure he can get around my house easily, including a wheelchair ramp up to my front door. My front door is really recessed from the street due to my lawn and hidden by my porch, so the ramp isn’t very visible from the street. I painted it to match the house as well.

Few months ago, a new family moved across the street and the wife’s never been very friendly with me like my other neighbors are, which I chalked up to her being shy or whatever. However, recently I got a note taped up to my door that said she’s going to sue if I don’t take the ramp down, as it’s an eyesore and “reduces curbside value.” I have no idea what she means since you can’t see the thing unless you know what to look for and really get up in my property, as confirmed by neighbors and friends.

She refused to answer the door when I went over to talk to her about it. I’m trying not to lose my temper over this but it’s hard. There’s been many times my boyfriend has been screwed over by so-called “handicap accessible” places, I don’t want my home to be one of them. Does she have any sort of case? I’m in Washington.
We've received a couple of PMs with people who have found our identities, and as such, we don't see any reason to keep this post up. Thanks everyone for your help. 
I am in Boston BUT my abortion happened in New York City. I was 18 and this was completely legal. 

I’m 18 and in college. Like all 18 year olds, I mess up. I messed up big time and I ended up pregnant. I waited a week after my pregnancy test came up positive, I went to the doctor to 100% confirm the pregnancy, and my best friend, her boyfriend, my boyfriend, and I took a couples’ trip to NYC so I could have the abortion in a safe environment and have everything taken care of in a timely manner. 

We got back to Boston and life went on. I am in therapy to work through my problems regarding the suicide attempts of my older sister and dealing with the repercussions of her mental illness. I have not been diagnosed with any mental illnesses, I’m not considered depressed, I have no history of any kind of any mental illnesses, self harm, or anything of the sort. I receive my therapy in a non religious environment. This is just straight up confidential counseling because my sister attempted suicide right before I went to college, my parents are toxic, and I needed help with that burden. 

I told my therapist immediately that I’d had an abortion, told her my reasons (cost of a baby, not wanting children, I go to a university that I worked my ass off to get into and I’ll be damned if I let an unwanted pregnancy ruin my life. I also could not raise a child that I disdained. Selfish? Yes. But I’m not sorry). I also informed her that my boyfriend and I are still together and that he and I plan on staying together, the sex was between two adults who 100% consented, it was just a mixup and confusion on both of our parts. He and I split the cost of the abortion with him paying 75% of the cost. 

I go home and do homework. At around 4 pm, I get a visit from the Boston Police who are investigating a rape. They think that I’m the victim and my boyfriend is the perpetrator and that I’ve been forced to have an abortion, I ask them where they got this false information and give them proof that both he and I agreed that abortion was the way to go. After a lot of talking to smooth things over and apologizing, they left. 

Then I get a call from my parents. They’re ranting on and on about how I’ve gotten an abortion and sinned in God’s eyes, how I’ve been fornicating and screwed every man in NYC, and how my lack of contact (I’m NC with them because of abuse and they’re narcissists) is killing my mother. They screamed down the phone for four hours before telling me that they’ve been given my address in Boston by my therapist and are coming to get me no matter what. 

It becomes clear. My therapist called the police, reported a false rape and forced abortion, violated all sorts of confidentiality, and had to track my parents down (I never gave her their number, address, or personal information. She did not know their names, I only ever called them mom and dad) to call them to say that I’d been raped and gotten an abortion. 

I never gave her any sort of go ahead to do anything. I never used the word rape in our sessions, in fact, when I mentioned the sex, I called it “consensual sex”. The police are still hounding me, I’m freaking out and constantly having panic attacks, my therapist is making things worse by CONTINUING to knowingly provide false information to the police (although I gave them the information that should have ended this all), therapist is also saying that I have Stockholm Syndrome and that’s why I won’t report my boyfriend, and I’m at a loss for what to do. 

I also know why she’s having some weird witch hunt. My boyfriend is in a fraternity and in her mind, I was brutally raped at a fraternity party (this is what she told the police). I was not and in the session I said specifically told her that I never had sex with him at his fraternity house several times when she tried to convince me that I was raped at his fraternity house. 

I’ve also started to get calls from the NYPD investigating the “forced abortion” and I’m freaking out and don’t know what to do. This is serious. 

At this point in time I know that I need to get the police off my butt. Is there a way that would help me? Is a lawyer the best way to go? Also, is there a way for me to report my therapist and make sure that she is punished? Is there a way to make sure she doesn’t do this again? 


Edit: when the cops came the first time, I told them that she was completely falsifying everything and I gave them evidence. She is continuing to call and labeling me with various mental illnesses so she gets her point across and so I’m not taken seriously. The last time the cops called was last night. 
**EDIT:** Forgot to add this...My first post was here:
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4a97dq/my_ex_husband_and_his_new_wife_made_my_daughter_a/

Firstly I would like to thank everyone for all the support in my first post and all the supportive PM's I received. It was really overwhelming (in a good way). A few people asked for an update so here it is.

So a lot has happened since I first posted. I called in to work while I was trying to get all this sorted. One of my co-workers has a cousin who is a lawyer and she knew someone who was able to help me and file the paperwork. My husband played dumb in court but his visits got reduced to supervised and he was ordered to take a parenting class. My daughter went to physiotherapy. Eventually the court reinstated his visitation when he swore he had learned his lesson and was sorry and with his otherwise clean record the court agreed. I was against it but the court ruled against me.

I gave my daughter her own cell phone so she could call me whenever she needed to. On her second visit it happened again. This time the brace had steel and fabric instead of wood and they took her phone too. The next night she left when they weren't looking and went up the street to a neighbor who is a police officer. The neighbor called paramedics and her co-workers. They had to cut the brace off my daughter. My husband and his wife were arrested. They got out quickly but they have been charged and their infant is with CPS. My ex lost visitation and custody and I'm working on making it permanent. Unfortunately my daughter's shoulder was dislocated from the brace. It set back her rehab and part of her arm is still numb and tingling. She needed surgery and is still recovering. She always played sports (especially at school) and did dance but the doctor thinks she won't ever be able to lift her arm all the way up again. I hate my ex and he'll see her again over my fucking dead body. Right now I'm focusing on my daughter while my lawyer takes care of things. That's my update.
Is he breaking any laws? Can I post these videos online? He's been renting out this room for almost 20 years and has had many tenants. He resides in this house as well. He finds people through newspaper ads and Craigslist. I want to warn potential future tenants who Google him.  


  


  


&amp;#x200B;
Mostly good news.

I worked with my dad and got my own lawyer.

I got the timeline of my shares wrong, but it comes out the same. What my brother and I inherited from my grandmother was originally part of my grandfather's portfolio, he was the money savvy one. My grandmother looked after those after he died and she personally set up my brother's accounts and gave him control of his part. She didn't do the same with mine before she died (I thought she had already set the accounts up for me and given control to dad before passing) instead the shares were in her will, and she left everything she owned to my dad with instruction that what was $15000 worth when my brother got his equivalent part would go to me when I was old enough to know how to take care of them. There was no trust, she just trusted my dad. My dad did the right thing and set up accounts for me and gave me control six years ago. My dad put some of his own shares in too as an extra leg up.

Dad admitted to me he'd chewed out my brother last year when he came to him asking for money, and dad had supported him several times over the years and got to the point he'd had enough. My brother found out I still had my investments because dad had used me as an example of how brother should have been using money. That's how my brother found out I still had shares and they'd grown.

According to all that info my lawyer tells me I'm in the clear, but it's not going to get to the point of finding that out in court as my brother's gf was only a legal secretary. I say was because the firm she worked for apologised and informed my lawyer she was terminated immediately. The letter I received from them had been edited to put her name in a position higher up than it should have been, and some of the contact information had been changed.

A week after she was fired my brother visited me begging for money. His girlfriend is in serious debt and she took a chance on scamming cash from me and lost. I felt awful rejecting my own brother over and over, and if he hadn't involved his girlfriend needing an amount well into five figures I might have given him some. The next morning I found all my tires had been slashed. Screw him, I don't feel bad any more.

The rest of the comments in the previous thread made me realise I don't know nearly enough about what I'm doing with the shares and dividends and money in general. A lot of the decisions I've made have been with dad's help and his advice has paid off well so far but not because I knew it would but because I had no idea what I was doing and left it up to him. I've booked in to work with a financial advisor to make the most of what I have. Thanks for all your comments.
Im in California and looking for some land to purchase for this purpose.  If all goes to plan, the lot will eventually have trees with a plaque that says "Here Grows So-And-So".

Does this count as a graveyard?  Can I buy non-HOA land that's intended for residential use and do this?  I'd hate to drop $10k on a half acre and have to cut my Dad down in 20 years because of a zoning law or something.
She accused him of rape years ago. She was 18 and he was 22. It was false and never happened. He was arrested and eventually convicted. When he served his stance and got out he was broken. From what he told me, he was heavily abused during his prison time by other prisoners. He tried to get back to his life and he couldn't. His record, his name on the registry and lack of options. He went from being a student in a top college in the country to having almost no prospects. Within a year of being out, he committed suicide.

Yesterday was 3 years since his death. This cousin sent word through a friend that she wanted to speak with me and seek my blessing on visiting my brother's grave. I said yes, but figured something doesn't seem right. I went and had a recorder with me and recorded the conversation. Also had my boyfriend record a video of our meeting from a distance (it was in public). She told me she's sorry and my brother didn't deserve what happened to him. I asked why and pressed her for an answer, she broke down and said she didn't know who did it and she accused him because he had refused to lend her money she desperately needed and she was angry at him.

The voice recorder got everything, and the video also has audio in parts that match the voice recorder perfectly.

Are these evidence useful in overturning that decision? I want to make my brother's slate clean. Not only for his memory but also because he has a son he never saw (his girlfriend was pregnant when this happened, he lost his parental rights as a result of this conviction). His son should know this is not the kind of man his father was. If so, how do we begin the process? Do we need a lawyer here, or do we need to go to the police?

What consequences (criminal) will she face? Will she go to jail?

And, does my brother's estate have a claim against her for damages? Of course this belongs to his son now although I don't know how that would work with respect to his parental rights being terminated (doesn't matter, as we'd want his son to be supported more than anything else). And can his son have a separate claim for damages against her? This conviction deprived him of a chance to know his father, because parental rights were terminated.

I know this won't bring my brother back but it can at least provide some comfort to us and to his son, and maybe making things more fair. So please help put me in the right direction.
Throwaway account for obvious reasons. I am a 19 year old male and I was recently looking through an old digital camcorder. Most of it was really nostalgic, old videos of myself and my siblings as kids, stuff like that. I then came across a video of my father raping me. I don't want to go into detail as I am still in shock and typing this out is still extremely hard, but I have no idea what to do. I live a relatively normal middle class life and I am just at a loss of words. I have been in my room with the door locked for eight hours as I don't want to face my family. The worst thing about this is my mother was present in the video as well, she seemed to allow it.

I am typing this through tears. I have absolutely no idea what to do legally about this. I cannot afford a lawyer.

Thank you all so much for your support, I am completely shocked right now
I keep getting messages asking for an update. I can’t say much, but I have gotten a lawyer through a friend of the family. He has contacted corporate HR. There will be a settlement out of court, as they want this resolved quickly with no publicity. I cannot express how grateful I am for all of your quick thinking and ability to connect the dots. I don’t know if I would’ve had the guts to get a lawyer if you hadn’t said anything. Thank you. 
This coworker of mine is beautiful and very popular, but in my opinion is taking this hippie thing entirely too far. Her daughter is smart enough but constantly reverting to acting like a toddler; she's doing it more than she acts her age. I support extended breast feeding but this is getting weird. We work at a health food store; we are talking major crunchy granola.  So, once she let it slip that they all sleep naked in bed together. I honestly do not think they are pedophiles at all, but as liberal as I am, that's still getting weird at her age.  I've always minded my own business, but now she's saying she's going to pull the girl out of the public school because the classroom teacher is starting to question the emotional development of the child. Do I mind my own business or make a discreet phone call to CPS?  No way in Hell would I discuss the matter with her; she's on one hell of an ego trip.  Could I do this anonymously? I can't risk CPS telling her it was me. One last detail: another coworker's daughter spent the night at their house and they had both girls running around naked, which would not have been cool with the girl's conservative mom, but the adults were not naked in front of the girls. # Free Spirit!
I apologize for formatting/grammar errors. I am on my phone.

My post got a decent amount of attention. I thought I would update since I still get really sweet messages from people wishing me well/praying for me and my family. 

My fiance, now husband did pull through! He's currently in our backyard setting up a tent to "camp out" with our 2 and 3 year old boys. He was in a coma for over a month and the doctor's were pretty sure he would never wake up. His recovery was slow and he still goes to physical therapy 4 times a week but he is pretty much back to normal now and we couldn't be happier! Although it was a horrible thing to go through it changed both of us for the better. You don't realize how much the small things matter until they're about to be taken from you. 


He was appalled by his sisters actions when I finally discussed it with him. We recently both made wills and made sure there is no chance SIL or BIL will get any money if both of us were to pass, or God forbid our children too. We also chose godparents for our children and we are expecting a baby girl in 2018! 

I really appreciate all of the sweet thoughtful messages I was sent. They definitely made me feel better on bad days to know how many people were praying for him! 
I post this a year ago. 

https://np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5psadr/i_have_become_a_forgotten_employees_for_a_few/

Since that time I got denied for the second job and basically been coasting by until I landed another position and turned in my two weeks notice. 

Recently I found a position at a tech firm that will allow me to work from home, is easier than what I used to do, and pays more. Basically tired of doing nothing even though Im getting paid for it.  

The day after I mailed the keys to the satellite office back to the corporate office I got a phone call exactly at 8 AM. The head of HR for the former company wanted to speak with me in person. I asked her if there were any issues such as equipment that was not returned. She stated that there were no issues like that. They just had some questions about my job function over the last year. 

I told her that they should have that information as head of HR and promptly disconnected stating I had to return back to work. She called back at 12:05 exactly. 

I have been ducking her calls ever since. Her voicemails state that I am required to come into her office to discuss a few things. My emails with her have asked if there is anything that needs to be returned or issues with company property. Each time I am assured it is nothing like that, but that they need me to come into their office to discuss this with me in person. She calls at least once per day. 

I am thinking I just need to ignore her until she either escalates or goes away. 

How incredibly bad is that plan? Before anyone says it. I know... I know ok I should have quit a long time ago. I did not. 

EDIT: Texas
Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/72h3rm/oregon_neighbor_cut_down_several_trees_on_my/


Hello legal advice community! I have not forgotten about you, who helped set me on the path to justice! I'll get right to it. I can't speak to all the details, and I'm sorry about not continuing to update (after everything got underway I figured it would be best not to). To keep it short, we (my lawyer and I) spoke to the police, who then spoke to the neighbors down and across the street (the one who witnessed my trees getting cut down) who stated they saw the neighbor and the company cutting down the trees, and then finally they spoke to him (neighbor). I don't know much beyond that with the criminal investigation, what happened with the whole city document or the company, and why that is will be explained below.


I hauled his ass into court. Well, first, the arborist came, as did the surveyor. The trees were on my property and they were white oaks. The arborist gave me an estimate on having 15 mature white oaks brought and replanted on my property, which was just shy of $650,000, though he did say some trees would die and that would drive the cost up. I also had my property appraised, for the difference before and after losing my trees. It then became a question of whether I wanted to pursue my lost trees and see how much their lumber was worth, or sue for the replacement cost and loss of property value. Basically, do I want the trees back or do I want the cost of the ones I lost? (apparently you can't have both).

Well guys...

I PICKED THE TREES.

The actual court stuff started a lot sooner than I thought. We filed, a few weeks passed, and a few days before our day in court his lawyer reached out with a settlement offer. Apparently he was wealthier than I thought. We accepted and while I can't speak to the details of it...

I'M GETTING THE TREES BACK!

It's going to take a long time apparently (several months, possibly all the way until September since the process didn't start until just this week due to the Holidays), but I will have all 12 trees back on my property at no cost to me! My neighbor has also put his house up for sale, and I haven't seen him for quite some time now. Oh well! There's a bit more to the settlement, but I don't feel comfortable speaking to that, hopefully that's understandable.

I remember some of the comments about whether the trees were a hazard to the road based on how far they were from the road. I ended up having to check with the county (not the city), and they sent someone out to measure and mark the boundaries. My trees were at least 5 feet beyond it (so outside the boundary). Not even close! Just thought I'd add that in.


Anyways, there it is! I plan to take photos of the trees once they start getting put in, and of course once they are all in place and I have them back. I'll be sure to share them! I want to thank everyone for all their advice, it was a huge help! I didn't know you all were so into trees, but I'm glad you are!

Have a good one everyone!
So after 6 long months, everything been resolved. This is my final post regarding this, already asked my lawyer if I could post this and he said go ahead. 

So here's my last update:  

https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7go96c/ne_hoa_towed_away_my_car_and_built_a_chainlink/


So the HOA board got a lawyer to respond to my C&amp;D and they requested a meeting ASAP with my lawyer present as well. I didn't want to go but my lawyer suggested me hear them out at atleast. At the meeting, I noticed there president and some of the higher ups were not there. 

The board had no idea what the hell was happening and their lawyer was just as confused as them. After I laid out my timeline of events they thanked me for my time accepted all the financial burden of replenishing my pond, missing car (couldn't locate it), and damages. 

I got checks for everything and got my pond restored back in April and didn't really think much of it. 

I found out a few weeks ago from the new HOA president. Turns out the old president, tresaurer and someone else had been stealing money from the coffers. They wanted my land to expand and put in a pool, clubhouse and etc just as I saw on their website. The old board fined everyone a ton of money to get all the cash together and buy my land. Instead they spent it on themselves. They needed my land somehow so they thought they could just take over the land I wasn't using.


Long story short, their entire plan fell apart after I fought back and brought to the other members of the HOA attention what they were doing. From what I've been told, they had to sell their house to pay back the HOA and have since moved away. The HOA has offered me market value for my land and I do plan on selling since I really don't use the land for anything and the money isn't bad.

I did not file any complaints with the Postal inspector or anything, since the situation resolved itself. I got a new project car and for those asking it was a '98 Supra with a bad engine. My new project is a '67 Fastback that I plan on restoring to look like Elanor. :)

I want to thank a ton of redditors for chiming in with advice including a few from Nebraska. 

/u/silvoan
/u/immo406
/u/dracofaerie2
/u/whatarestairs
and others that PMed with advice and support. 

and lastly /u/20000to0 for advising me regarding nebraska laws and getting me in touch with his awesome lawyer(i guess mine now too)

Link to original post in case you need it: [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8wkt4x/flneighborstenants\_cutting\_down\_my\_magnolia\_trees/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8wkt4x/flneighborstenants_cutting_down_my_magnolia_trees/?context=10)

I've received a number of messages begging for an update, but as it's only been a few months, I can only give a partial one, due to the ongoing legal issues (my attorneys have advised me not to divulge too much to anyone).

1) The day after my post, I called a good friend of mine who has been my go to plumber since I inherited the property (we went to high school together), to ask for his help. He went to both houses the next day, saying that I had called him last week since the water bill seemed high, and asked him to come look at the pipes. He went through the houses, surreptitiously taking pictures, while "inspecting" the bathrooms/kitchens/water boilers, etc for leaks. Apparently while he was there they made a bunch of comments about me that included racial slurs (tldr: i'm biracial, and do not pass for white) and such about how I need to learn my place. After he'd inspected both houses he came over to mine, and gave me all the photos.

2) I conferred with an attorney regarding evicting them, and four days later both families were served with 7 day eviction notices. As expected, they blew up, and started throwing rocks at my house, slinging more racial epithets in my direction. I'd always grown up being terrified of angry racist white men twice my size, I never realized how unbelievably pathetic they actually are until I watched them crying like babies while being hauled off by the police on the video cameras.

3) The bride made a very angry post on facebook, followed up by standing up in church (small town, most of us go to the same church) during "prayers and concerns" to beg for prayers for her family because "Our landlord is evicting all of us because she's jealous that I'm getting married!" The pastor, feigning innocence, said "I thought she was evicting you all because your father and \[Groom\]'s father cut down \[My Great-Grandmother\]'s prize magnolias?" Hardest game of You-Laugh-You-Lose I've ever played, still proud I survived.

4) According to the arborists (yes plural. though my friend came out and did an assessment, my attorney for the suit over the trees advised selecting someone who isn't so close to me for the paperwork we'll submit to the court), based on the number of trees cut down and the number of trees damaged beyond repair, and how old/well-tended those trees were, the value of the trees alone is more than i could sell all three houses for in the current housing market around here. Then the attorney started talking about how the damages are multiplied and let's just say I would be quite happy with half that number, but I know when to zip my lips so I'll let my attorneys handle the negotiating.

5) They did, in fact, destroy the houses as best they could. I have enough savings/inheritance left that I can live without the rents for a while, so I'm using it as an excuse to have both houses renovated since they haven't had major renovations since well before I was born.

6) The bride and groom got married and had their reception in the church basement instead of the cul-de-sac. They had to cancel the honeymoon to spend the money on legal fees. (Am I a bad person for being amused?)

7) Hurricane Michael just gave me some wild thunderstorms, thankfully passed over us with the worst of it.

8) My boyfriend of seven years proposed (finally, goddamn).

&amp;#x200B;

Other than that, you'll have to wait until the eternally slow court systems process through. I do want to take a moment to thank you all for thinking of me, and being so helpful with your advice with what was a terrifying ordeal at the time. I'd never really stood up to my elders like that before, and it was comforting to know that not only did a gaggle of internet strangers have my back, but there were resources and protections in my community as well.
I just wanted to let everyone know that everything turned out fine! 

The club president was prosecuted. 

(I should have found it suspicious  that the club was extremely friendly and insistant that I come to their meetings. Looking back now, I was their token brown person for the couple meetings I attended.  But hey-free food.)

USCIS didn't give me a hard time about it-surprisingly. My lawyer was awesome and fully reported everything and documented everything. Having an email from the club president admitting to it was great. 

I have sailed through the citizenship process and will be taking my citizenship oath in a couple weeks, finally ending my immigration journey. 

And for the dozens of people that messaged me slurs and told me to kill myself- fuck you. I'm going to have a great life here and I'm never leaving the US. Die mad about it. 

Location: CA
A lot has happened since I posted.

I talked with my sister for a long time over the next week and she eventually agreed to talking to an adult at school. I went with her to talk to a teacher she was close with. After a lot of crying together she called the police and our school counselor and principal. They basically didn't let us go home that day from school. 

We ended up getting a case worker and parents of my sister's best friend (NOT the mom who was constantly harassing us about going public) took us in temporarily. We are currently still with them. 

The police visited my dad who won't admit to raping me or my sister, but they found a ton of child porn on his computer and other things they wouldn't tell us about. He has been arrested for the child porn. Unfortunately, that did make the news and everyone knows. It's extremely embarrassing and stressful to have people judge you all the time. People wouldn't shut up about it for like two weeks. 

My sister moved to a different school that helps with troubled kids and special situations for while she is pregnant. We are hoping she can go back after she has the baby and continue at her first school... Ideally.. 

She and I both have gone through a lot of counseling and she is okay giving up the child for adoption now. Our case worker and counselor are both really great about this whole thing.  Mom is still not in the picture.

I fully plan on changing my name to my mom's maiden name and so does my sister. My case worker says that's completely possible for us to do. Thanks for that advice reddit, I got that from here. 

Anyway, thanks for the advice. It helped me talk her into how serious it was.

Original [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7npxzn/father_got_my_sister_14_pregnant_and_friends_mom/) 
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8826mu/ny_my_works_fun_committee_ignored_reasonable/

(New York)

A lot has happened over the last ten days.

I realized, shortly after making my initial post that my life, as it is, has become unsustainable.  I cannot live like this anymore.  And I mean that literally, because this realization came to me just before i hurt myself very badly.

I was sitting in my bathtub and it suddenly struck me that I was completely prepared to just stop living because I was too scared to find help.  So I went and found help.  

I took all of last week off and with my ex-husband's help, I found a good, understanding and very very patient therapist.  I've also made an appointment to see a psychiatrist, to see what medication options are open to me.

When I finally went back to work, I took the head of the Fun Committee aside and talked to her.  I explained to her that I have PTSD and some very severe anxiety issues and I apologized for not being more clear to her when I asked her not to do anything for my birthday.

And she cried.  She wept openly and apologized, she told me she thought I was just shy, that she was just trying to help me fit in and she never intended to do anything hurtful to me.  

Then, I spoke to my Manager and my workspace is being moved to a far less-populated part of the building, where I can just quietly do my work and be left alone.  It is literally all I have ever wanted.

So, the moral of this story was, fucking talk to people about your shit before it gets so bad you feel like you have no choice but fucking die.  Apparently.

Thank you.
That happened about two weeks ago.  It was initially pushed down to a guidance counselor as a "friends issue".  My wife went to the school about a week ago because the issue had yet to be resolved; a group of girls were still picking on our daughter.  Since then, one the assistant principals conducted an investigation.  The girl that did the recording is still running around the campus with her phone, and now our daughter is labeled a snitch and bullied even more because of the way the school has handled it.

Needless to say, we're a bit pissed.  Our daughter won't be going back to that school.  We're not really sure what to do next.  Do any of you fine folks out there have any advice on a way ahead?

Edit: Forgot to mention two important details:
1. The kid that did the recording...she admitted to doing it in a written statement to the school. She denied posting it to social media, but other kids have told our daughter they saw the video posted on music.ly.

2 .  Our daughter has a 504 plan for anxiety and PTSD.
So this is part 3 and most likely the final update for now.

Link to past: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7cirxu/continued_ne_sold_land_around_my_house_to_a/


So I was away for the holidays and I came back on Monday to find my project car was towed out of my driveway, my pond was emptied out and filled with gravel and sand and a fenced off 2 acres (2 chains by one furlong) of my property closest to HOA. I immediately called the police and filed a report regarding the stolen property. The car wasn't registered and was just an empty shell so I have no idea where it is nor will it be easy to track. It's not worth a lot (maybe $2,500?) but it's the principle of that jackass president of the HOA.


I had my lawyer draft up the C&amp;D and sent it nearly 2 weeks ago and they haven't contacted me in any way except this. I hired a local salvage company to come tear up the fence this weekend and they are doing it free of charge since I'm letting them keep the fence to sell as scrap metal or whatever they do with it. 

My lawyer suggested I send up a letter demanding payment to fix my pond as it was filled in with gravel and sand. A local landscape company quoted me nearly $8,000 to get the pond back to the way it was so that is what he suggested I ask and another $2,000 for loss of use of the pond. The HOA has lawyered up so I think it's best I no longer post anything else on here until it's settled. I didn't want to leave you all without some closure since you all have been an amazing help. I've put a picture of the layout since a few people asked. It's bad but should convey the land.



https://imgur.com/a/cGCnD
I posted [earlier](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6n6lrr/phd_student_here_being_accused_of_plagiarism_only/) about a plagiarism situation with the university in my PhD thesis.

To make it short, a few sentences in the thesis was too similar to what I had said in a couple of papers and my masters thesis. This wasn't a direct copy &amp; paste, and  it was 7 sentences (53 words) out of my thesis which was a little over 95,000 words.

Last week I got an automated email that an investigation has been started on the recommendation of the person that I talked to. The email explained that in case scientific misconduct is found, I will have a chance to defend my case to the board and the board will decide what to do, which vary from a simple revision and resubmission to presenting the case to the diciplinary committee for a serious offense.

I asked for appointments with a few people. Head of the department, dean of students, and a head tutor to ask for advice. I haven't managed to see any of them yet.

Today, I received an email that the investigation is over and they have found no evidence of misconduct or plagiarism. They apologized for the stress that this has caused. A little later, I received another email from the head of the committee personally apologizing for this mess, and explaining that the officer who I talked to had gone fishing rather than doing the standard practice which is not the policy.

So that's that. Now I can graduate in peace. I cancelled the appointments and decided not to pursue the potential racism situation as there's no point anymore. Thanks all for advice. 
Hi everyone,

I want to take a minute to say thank you to everyone who gave me advice and words of encouragement. I read every single comment on both threads about my situation and I really really appreciate the support and help. If not for the advice here, I probably would not have felt justified in leaving.

I'm sorry for taking so long to post, but I am now back home in NH with my parents. I feel like I'm coming out of a fog and I feel really stupid for believing everything; I guess I just justified it by assuming laws were different in the south. 

I left with just my computer, my phone, my documents, and a few family heirlooms. I'm not concerned about my phone being tracked as I am still on my dad's phone plan. My husband has sent me about 200 texts and has filled my voicemail completely but I haven't spoken to him.

I managed to withdraw half the balance of two out of three joint accounts. The third is a local bank and I did not want to stay in the area any longer. My parents told me to just leave the money. They are going to help me get the medical procedures I need and then they are going to help me pay for a divorce attorney. I thought they would say I told you so because they told me not to get married, but they have been very supportive and even offered to pay for me to go back to college and finish my degree. 

Thank you again for all your kind words!
I was eating at a diner with some friends at 3 am, the guy in the booth next to us started coughing and gagging. I realized he was choking and went to help him, I had Heimlich training at my place of work (I’m office safety manager for my floor). The guy managed to get the thing out and it flew across the booth. He looked really pissed, payed his bill and left. I felt like a little hero the rest of the dinner and then just kinda forgot about it. This was two weeks ago.
 
Today I got a letter from a law firm that I’m getting sued for battery, they said I bruised a rib, I have no clue how this guy figured out who I am. I thought I helped the guy seeing as he probably would have choked without help. How did he figure out who I am? I never actually spoke to him. Is this a real letter? Do I need a lawyer for this?
 

Edit: the language i used to describe him choking was wrong. He was choking, gagging sounds but otherwise silent and obviously distressing. 
I posted my dilemma [here] (https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7gd18f/minc_bartender_took_my_real_id_and_passport_and/)

MI/NC

It turns out, I actually ended up calling the wrong police jurisdiction. This morning I called the East Lansing PD non-emergency line (whom I called the previous night), and I spoke to an officer who told me that they only have jurisdiction on campus and 3 blocks surrounding campus. The venue/bar I was attending is actually on the city line between East Lansing and Lansing, so the officer directed me to the Lansing PD. 

The LPD officer told me that bar always calls about fake ID's and-- in his words-- "90% of the time, they're wrong" so he told me not to worry and he would get my identification back for me. Long story short, I got my stuff back and I got to rub it in the bartender and managers face that I was right all along. 
Update of my previous post:

[https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/91hftj/i\_allowed\_my\_17\_year\_old\_sister\_to\_move\_in\_with/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/91hftj/i_allowed_my_17_year_old_sister_to_move_in_with/)

&amp;#x200B;

TLDR: I didn't get in trouble for taking in my little sister and a court order for child support was issued.

&amp;#x200B;

So, I had my day in court today for the child support hearing. Dad actually showed up for court instead of using the option of conference call like my mother did. My sister (let's call her Valerie) wanted to sit in the courtroom in case the judge had any questions for her in particular (he didn't, but I'm proud of how brave my sister is for going to court when she didn't have to) because I could feel my heart beating in my throat the entire time. 

The judge started out by saying he was unsure if a support order could be issued today given that Valerie is now 18 and in CT would be ineligible but in NY would be eligible until 21 but then began asking some some questions.

Dad did a lot of talking at first, mostly saying how he had a court order that gave him full custody of Valerie and that Mom was supposed to be paying him child support.  Then he said how Valerie dropped out of high school and left the state to live with me without telling him or getting his permission and how he didn't know for a month after the fact. he complained that Mom never speaks to him about anything, that I make no effort to have a relationship with him and that Valerie doesn't either. Boo-hoo, we're all ganging up on him and he doesn't know what he did to deserve it, etc.  Sure enough, as a few of you kind folks mentioned, the judge asked him "Why didn't you know where she was for a month if she was supposed to be in your custody?" 

He then says that she was staying with her mother at the time but that she would've had a place with him and still does have a place with him if she had asked. At that point, sick of hearing him play the victim, I piped up and asked as calmly as I could manage "Why didn't she have a place with you 9 years ago when you dropped her off at Mom's house, didn't tell her you weren't coming back for her and then got rid of all her belongings?" 

My mother on the phone confirmed what happened and said that she asked me if I could take in my sister because of my brother's violent behavior early in 2017. Valerie was 17 at the time she moved to NYS and is still attending high school to earn her diploma (better late than never) and I've been her sole source of support ever since. 

The judge then reviewed the guidelines for monetary support. My mother, being disabled and on social security, was to pay no more than $50 per month for support. Dad was to pay no more than 17% of his income, which translated to to roughly $800 per month. The judge asked me what amount I was looking for. My answer was that I just wanted some help with the groceries and her medical bills so I asked for a total of $250 from Dad and the max $50 from Mom. Dad tried to haggle me down to $200 per month because he just bought a house last year (you should've seen the look on the judge's face). The judge reminded him that the guidelines recommended $800 a month and I held firm on $250. Dad sighed and said he'll have to give up smoking to afford it (this is supposed to make me feel bad?). 

The judge made the order for support, effective until age 21 AND I never did get in trouble for allegedly "kidnapping" my little sister.

Thank you to everyone here that gave me encouragement to see this through and not fall for Dad's intimidation tactics.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;
First post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7h34dk/us_citizen_cousin_16f_is_abroad_and_under_heavy/

Thanks for your help and for pointing me in the right direction.

My sister and I contacted the state department, the embassy and the consulate in Karachi. They were able to verify that she exists and she's a US citizen. We told them of what's happening to her and they were quite helpful in telling us what to do and being ready to help her as soon as possible. 

The challenge was getting her into the consulate in Karachi but she actually got herself there (took weeks of planning) where they gave her travel documents to be able to come to the US. We bought tickets for her to go from Karachi to Doha and then to Boston where we picket her up from the airport. 

By the time her parents realized what's what she was on the Doha to Boston flight. Her parents tried to apply for a visa to come to the US but their visa applications were refused. I'm not aware if the people at the embassy who refused it actually knew about my cousin's supituation or not but we're glad they weren't able to come here.

She currently lives with me and my sister and my sister has been granted guardianship over her. Her priority is to learn English. 

Her parents still try to somehow make her return but we've closed down the lines of communication and hopefully her life from now on will be stress-free. 
(IA) I was sexually assaulted (while home over a break, not by another university student) and the trial of my attacker starts in two weeks. 

I am a university student about five hours driving distance from my home town where the assault occurred, and I’ll need to travel there to testify at the trial. 

I’d spoken to my advisor and all my professors notifying them of the days I’d be out, and everyone was understanding, giving me take home versions of any tests or work I’d be missing. 

Unfortunately, one of the days I’ll likely need to be out coincides with midterms, so my professor was required to get approval from the academic dean and dean of the college to issue a take home midterm. 

His request for the take home midterm was denied, and when it came to the attention of these deans, they contacted all my professors and informed me if I missed that many classes (it would be approximately two of each class, maybe three depending on some court scheduling, and four of another class but it meets every day of the week.) 

My professors were comfortable marking these as “reported absences” which basically means there was a justification like a doctor’s note or other official documentation. 

I showed the deans that I was in fact being called to testify by the defense so it wasn’t  even really like I had a choice. I figured that would be enough documentation. 

The dean said that “personal non-medical conflicts” could not be counted as reported absences and would be treated as unreported absences, (so, treated as the same thing as if I’d just  slept through class). They suggested I apply for a leave of absence for the semester because otherwise I’d be dropped from my classes at the third absence and be on probation if dropped from two or more classes (school policy). 

This attack took enough from me already, I went to great lengths to be sure I didn’t miss a day of school while recovering, I do not want this man to derail my life further by pushing back my graduation date. 

I spoke to the title IX Office who’d promised me they could help, but it turns out their idea of helping was helping me plan my leave of absence. 

I do not want to take a leave of absence. All my professors were ready and willing to work with me and I was/am entirely capable of keeping up with the work. 

Do I have any legal recourse here against the school? 

Thank you in advance. 
I'm in nursing school. An arrest for a felony will put my financial aid and chance of getting a nursing license in jeopardy even though the charge was dropped. I didn't even have $1200 in my account and I have a receipt from the ATM showing that only $100 was withdrawn and my balance was $400 after the withdrawal.

I went into the bank as soon as I happened but the teller told me it was my money and so did the one beside her. They said the manager was not available. I went to another bank across town and I told the manger there but he said it was mine. I called their customer service twice and have recordings of both calls where they said it was mine. I mailed them a letter and I didn't spend the money.

Then 10 days later I was arrested for stealing the money from the bank. I was at my job as a waitress when I was arrested and they fired me when I went back after I was released. It was a Saturday afternoon and they told me I would be in court on Monday. I told them I tried to tell the bank but no one listened. On Monday morning I thought I was going to court but they gave me my stuff back and said I was free to go and the charge was dropped.

Is there anything I can do to get the mistaken arrest taken off my record? I have confirmed with the police that the charge was dropped but not the arrest of it. It would be under Michigan law.
[Last Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5b1zon/i_was_filmed_against_my_consent_at_a_party/)

History: Myself with another girl did nude dancing at a private party with our best friends. In a private villa where expected things to be private. A pervert had followed us and traspassed and took a video from a window and posted it online. I asked if we have legal options against the person.

We went to the police. Myself, the other girl and the host of the party (owner of the property) to report it and see if the police will do something about it. They didn't. They said the uploaded video itself is not evidence for trasspassing and the nude/erotic nature of the video will not count as revenge porn, as there were people present at the party so we couldn't have an expectation of privacy.

It sucked. I didn't care about the video being out there as the chances of someone I know seeing it is probably less than getting hit by lightning (and even if they do it's not a big deal) but my friend was devastated because her family are very strict about these things.

BUT this didn't end there. This perv didn't stop. He tried to sneak into our other parties as well but we knew better now and we had security. They got him and handed him over to the police. So he was charged with trasspassing and they also found a camera on him with footage of women's bathrooms. They took his stuff and found out that he's been posting a lot of revenge, hacked and stolen porn and nudes online.

He's now locked up. Our video is also down and his accounts on porn sites are suspended.

It took many months and him fucking up again but we finally got him. 



Originally posted in /r/parenting, but it was suggested I post here... Edit per bot request: we are in California.

My son has been in the same church run daycare/preschool for about a year. At the time, we didn't love the place, but we were desperate because I needed to go back to work and it was the only place that would work with my part time schedule. (We didn't love it because it didn't seem as academic as others, but he was only two so we let it go).

He seems to really like it there. Most days he doesn't even say goodbye to me, he just runs into which ever room they have setup and starts playing. He seems to like some kids and teachers more than others, but that seems normal enough. He occasionally has rough/clingy mornings, but they are pretty rare and seem to correlate with story time on Fridays, but not every Friday.

I'm not sure if some of his new behaviors are unusual or just par for the course for a toddler/threenager. He never used to mind diaper changes, but started kicking and screaming during them sometimes after he started at the daycare. He's always been a strong willed kid, but screaming "I don't want to" and "put me down" are things he picked up at daycare for whatever reason. I thought it was odd that the church pastor would be reading to the kids sometimes when I dropped my kid off on Fridays, and even weirder that he sometimes had kids in his lap, but the teachers were always there and it was always a group activity.

We had some concerns, but nothing concrete and more that he was learning to hit/push than anything worse. Until today. We finish up dinner and I get the bath ready for our 1 year old, leaving the 3 year old at the dinner table with my husband. I'm minding my business, bathing the baby when my husband comes into the bathroom to relay something the 3 year old just did and said. It should be noted that our toddler doesn't yet speak in complete sentences or fully respond when   asked questions (ex "what did you do at school today?" gets no answer while "did you paint at school today?" garners an appropriate "yep!" or "nope!"). Our toddler had finished his dinner and, after we had cleaned up his plate, he asked for peanut butter pretzels, one of his favorite snacks. Normally, we'd say no, but he'd been a good kid all day so my husband said "sure! But cheek kiss first" and leaned into our normally very affectionate kiddo. Our son slapped my husband across the face and said "no! Pretzels now!". Not great, but not out of the ordinary for him after a long day (we don't hit our kids, but he definitely struggles with hitting when he's frustrated). He did/said this twice and then said "get candy!". My husband said "no candy right now" and then asked "do you get candy at school?" Our son then grabbed two of my husband's fingers, rubbed the tips with his fingers several times, said "it's round, it's round" and then licked them repeatedly. He did this several times. (Just typing this is making me nauseous again). My husband asked if that's how he got candy and our son repeated the behavior/motion and then put his finger to his lips and said "shhhh!", then put his other pointer finger to my husband's lips and said "shhhh!" (We only ever use "shhh" to comfort them when crying and have never put our fingers to his or our lips). My husband tried to gently ask more questions, but our son just mumbled nonsense and then asked to get out of his highchair.

My husband came and told me immediately and we got the baby out of the tub, and tried to talk to the toddler again, but he'd moved on and just wanted to go sit on the couch. We didn't know what to do (this was around 730pm), so we called local PD dispatch and they sent over an officer who just told us to speak to the director of the school.

I've tried searching this sub and others and have come across a few sort of related posts, but I have no idea what to do. Local resources open in the morning, and we have already told our workplaces that we won't be in tomorrow due to a family emergency, but we don't know where to start. I can't in good conscience send him back there again.

Are we overreacting? Do we just confront the director? How do we handle this? I obviously don't know what or who exactly, but this definitely seems off. Any thoughts or advice would be appreciated.


Edit:

First, thanks to everyone for their supportive messages and comments and for taking the time to reply. We are truly blown away by your kindness and thoughtful words. We are also very grateful for all of the advice.

Second, an update. Our son didn't go to the school today and will not return in the future. We didn't contact the school and we don't plan to at all. We'll be out our deposit, but it's worth it at this point. I have another center that we will be touring next week, but we are also prepared for me to stay home with the kiddos for awhile.

This morning my husband called CPS and they said they only handle situations where the abuser is in the home. Next, he called the state licensing board and filed a complaint. The school has an otherwise squeaky clean record, but we were assured they would be opening up an investigation and interviewing every employee at the school. Finally, we called and then visited the local family advocacy center (basically relevant charities, social workers, law enforcement, etc under one roof). We met with a social worker and recounted the same points as above. When she was done taking notes, she called one of the onsite detectives who confirmed that without actual evidence (ie a verbal description of something from our son or physical evidence), there was nothing he could do. Without the cops getting involved, we will not be referred to a forensic psychologist or have the situation otherwise escalated.  As frustrating as that is, we are almost fortunate in a way that that type of evidence doesn't seem to exist (or that we stepped in before it did). As many of you said, both the detective and the social worker agreed that the cop that came by yesterday handled it very poorly, but that there was nothing they could do about that either. The social worker mentioned that our son seemed to be a happy kid, not the withdrawn or angry type she's seen in more serious situations. We were referred to a center that specializes in play based therapy that we will be following up with as well. If anything comes out during those sessions, the situation will be handed over to the authorities at that time. 

I think that covers everything that happened today. My husband had to go back to work so I've been at home on the couch cuddling my kiddos. If there are any developments, I'll update again, but that is it for now.

Thank you again for everything, Reddit. You truly came through in our time of need ❤️


So, I'm 29 and my parents don't allow me to get a job or move out on my own and every time I try to, they threaten me with this. I do have mental disabilities, however I am fully functional and I also have never been diagnosed. This leads me to questioning the veracity of my parent's threats. I do remember my parents dragging me into an SSA office when I was younger and they made me sign some document without me reading it. They just told me to sign it without question and being my parents I didn't think to question them. Later they told me that I had signed away my rights (their phrasing) and that they now have power over me. Every time I try to run away they also threaten to call the cops and they tell me that since I'm disabled and I have no guardianship over myself, whoever I go to can be charged with kidnapping since my parents didn't consent. I'm also not allowed to have friends or anything because they use this to dictate my every move. They tell me I'm crazy and helpless and I can't be trusted and that's why for my own good they got this thing.

&amp;#x200B;

Other things that might be important that make my question things:

They don't care about my well being. They don't allow me to go to therapy even when I've asked. They refuse to allow me to see a doctor and when I finally did, they threw away my medication because they claim it was bad for me. I know for sure I do have a mental disability, I just don't know what and once again, they've never took me to get diagnosed let alone therapy. They've always been controlling and I wonder if this is just another method. I get too scared to call Suicide Hotline when I'm depressed because they had me convinced for the longest time that, quote, "they'll lock you up in a mental asylum for life and take away your phone and never let you talk to the people you love ever again and they'll treat you like you're crazy." I've since learned this is obviously not true, but it's ingrained in me now and I have a hard time seeking help. I feel that this is also yet another form of control.

&amp;#x200B;

Anyways, how do I go about verifying if they really do have this thing over me? What are their rights if this is true? What are my rights? Can I, I guess appeal (not sure if this is the right word)? What can I do about this?

&amp;#x200B;

Is there any other legal advice y'all can offer that I haven't thought about asking for? Can I do anything about how controlling my parents are, legally speaking? Can they really deny me therapy and medical care?

&amp;#x200B;

I should also I add they sabotage any jobs I try to work because of the POA thing. I currently help my mother around the store they own and they pay me randomly and I'm not on any official payroll that I know of. Is this also legal????

&amp;#x200B;

I have so many questions and I feel so helpless and lost. I'm sorry. 

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks in advance
While I was getting my ass handed to me in [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9is8jh/refused_dna_test_california/), a coworker confessed to the assault. From what I hear, the dna tests were just a threat to put pressure on this one dude who they suspected, I don’t think they actually took anyone’s dna.


Many people pointed out that I sounded sketchy in my original post. That was probably true. I’m a recovering addict (three years clean and sober), and I did a lot of crazy stuff in my past- not raping anyone, but junkie shit like breaking and entering, squatting, getting in fights, etc. I didn’t know you could get a paternity test for an unborn baby, so I thought they were just going to put my dna in a database, and maybe things I never got caught for would come up. If I knew I was just being tested against a baby, I would have said sure.


I want to say that *because* of my past, I’m a squeaky clean employee- I never so much as swipe a snack from the pantry or an Advil from the med cart. We’re not supposed to ever be alone with members, and I never am, even if I’m just dropping off a tray in someone’s room, or if a member has work detail in the kitchen. I guess I was acting paranoid because I was pissed about being suspected when I’ve tried so hard to be straight, and that ended up making me seem more suspicious. 


Hopefully now that the guy who did it was arrested, things can go back to normal. I hope the woman who was raped is doing okay (she’s not here anymore, and I don’t know what is happening). Sorry for the novel, but I wanted to let everyone know what was going on. 


**Edit:** I think the reason everyone was so mad at me in the original post was because I was acting like *I* was the victim, even though obviously that was not the case. That is some of that addict mentality, that I’m still working on with my sponsor.
Location: Toronto, Ontario

Original Post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9prn30/tenant\_is\_renting\_out\_my\_apartment\_on\_airbnb/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9prn30/tenant_is_renting_out_my_apartment_on_airbnb/)

Just wanted to thank you all for your support/advice, i was really dumb and naivee when it comes to renting out my apartment. The last time i rented it out the tenant left on time, and i never actually thought about what could happen if they didn't leave.

I have started the process of evicting the tenant today, with support from a local lawyer who is going to handle a bunch of the paperwork for me, and represent me.

My condo board thankfully has been super understanding as soon as i outlined that it was being done without my knowledge, and they have agreed to wave the penalties. Apparently there were noise complaints on Friday relating to my apartment which annoyed our condo board. Our concierge service (we have someone at the front desk 24/7), will no longer be allowing people to leave keys for people at the front desk.

On Sunday two people came in to the building asking for keys to my unit, and our concierge  service asked if they were AirBnB tenants, and they said yes. He then basically told them to leave right away, and they aren't welcome here.

Jane finally got in touch with me today, and basically accused me of numerous things, from harassing her renters, to just in general making her life difficult. She also stated that she will be going to the LTB to "make a formal complaint because banning AirBnB is not allowed". When i pointed out that as people have told me here that she needs to get  my permission before renting out to other people. She went a rant about how she is doing this for numerous places and how she has never had a problem and "how stupid i am for making her my enemy".

I have a ton of proof of what she is doing, honestly my biggest concern is what is going to happen to my apartment. I asked a friend to book my room for one night through AirBnB for tomorrow (as it just apparently became available for rent), and take a look at the state of my apartment.
I'm moving soon and need to sell my house. When my neighbor found out about this he had one of his friends take a look at it and he made me an offer far below what I would expect to get.

After I turned it down he became agitated. Since then he's been making thinly veiled threats about how he'll approach anyone else who sees the house and "tell them ALL about the house in the interest of full disclosure". He stressed the word "all" which leads me to believe he'll make up some pretty grandiose stories.

I can only conclude that he's expecting to get a cut from getting his friend the house at an extremely low price. Are there any laws against this? Do I have any legal recourse if he follows through with his threats?

EDIT: I live in Minnesota
original post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8wyn3f/ny\_neighbors\_kid\_fell\_off\_their\_trampoline\_into/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8wyn3f/ny_neighbors_kid_fell_off_their_trampoline_into/)

Thank you to everyone who shared their advice.  I contacted my HOI and the representative laughed at the fact that we were getting sued.  Long story short she said not to worry and they would handle it.  I contacted a few lawyers in my family and they said the neighbors have no bounds to sue since trampolines are apparently illegal in my town.

Turns out the neighbors do not own the house and that they rent it, the owner and landlord of that house was miffed since he is the one that will have to pay the fines for the trampoline.  Turns out that the renters don't have renters insurance (which is why they asked for a cash payment from me). Last I heard was that the landlord gave them a 30 day notice.  As for me?  I'm buying exterior cameras so this doesn't happen anymore.
I work a landscaping design job in Florida. We're paid with a handwritten check and under-the-table. I got a long splinter under my fingernail all the way to the end of the nail bed while pulling weeds on the job. It was only my 5th shift (although second week) working there. I ended up having to go to the ER to get it surgically removed, lots of fun getting multiple shots in my finger. 

I'm given a "workers compensation verification form" to bring to my employer. I was supposed to work the next morning, so I went ahead and contacted her, telling her I'd bring the form. She starts telling me that I never signed a W9 so I'm not actually an employee and she's not actually liable. I've already been paid by her once. She goes on to say I never told her and that I'm just making accusations, even though I had told her about it the morning after it occurred, and she had acknowledged it multiple times throughout the day.

After searching a few state databases, the only business license she has under her name is one for real estate, and no record of workers comp coverage. Looking back on it, I think the hospital staff discovered this as well but were going to let me figure that out. 


Is there anything I can do about this, or am I just stuck with the bill?
This is happening right now. I work at a dog daycare and was driving a group of pups back from the dog park, going the speed limit, when a car bumped into me. Turns out it was an unmarked police vehicle. Since I’m at work, I asked if I could just photograph his insurance information and file a claim later. He said that since he’s police I would need to stay and wait to file an accident report. 

He kept emphasizing that this would be a long process, that the damage wasn’t that severe, and that I should let it go. He also tried to accuse me of speeding, which I wasn’t—this happened maybe 50 yards past a crosswalk at which I had stopped, so I don’t even think it’s possible for me to have been speeding unless I had floored it. It made me uncomfortable that he was so adamant about me not filing a report, like maybe this isn’t his first accident, so I went ahead with filing it.

What should I expect to happen next? Is it true that he wasn’t able to just give me his insurance so I could have moved on with my day? Can he make this out to be my fault somehow? Am I owed any compensation from him personally or from the police department for the rest of my shift I’m likely going to miss?
Met up with him after work and got right down to it. I informed him that his son in law had asked me to find his dad and that I have a very good idea of who it was. 

He did not take the news well when I told him his son in law was probably his son. Lots of screaming. Lots of blaming me. Eventually lots of apologizing to me. I told him I would like to approach this differently as there is the chance he is not the father. I told him to get a dna test done and that I would inform his son in law that his supposed father refuses to meet without a DNA test being done first to prove it. He agreed this was a good idea. His thoughts were on his grandkids asking if it would be a good idea to have them tested for any genetic abnormalities. I told him to hold off until this can be done first. 

I told his son in law the news this morning that his possible dad refuses to meet until he gets a DNA test proving parentage. 

He agreed without any hesitation. 

So now its a waiting game. The lab I use for this takes 2-3 weeks but is very thorough with their work. The dad is scheduled for a swab tomorrow morning and the son in law is scheduled the next day. I did this on purpose to avoid any chance happenings. 


Thank you to everyone for the encouragement and advice in my thread last year: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4y3xgu/fired_after_baby_died_oregon_us/?st=j72hz3um&amp;sh=1ab7ce5d

After completing depositions and discovery, we were able to settle. It was an extremely difficult process. A little advice: treat your work email like it is public record, because it is.  Even though it was hard, I am really happy I went through with it. I am happy with the settlement and happy I got to make their lives difficult for a year.  I am using part of my settlement to buy my daughter a small memorial in a public park. Also, one of my old boss's wife divorced him during all of this, and I heard from my old coworker that it was mostly because she could not believe he could be so heartless. 
This girl came with long hair and she wanted a short hairstyle. She said she couldn't afford a saloon that's why she came here. So I just gave her the haircut that she wanted. She paid and left.

Today her mom came and told me that it's a actually assault to cut a minor's hair without parental consent and she's going to sue me for $10,000 for destroying her daughter's beautiful hair. The whole assault thing sounds like bullshit as boys under 18 come in all the time on their own and get haircuts.

Do I need to worry about her trying to cause problems for me? 

Well, it's been a busy day and it's barely 8:30. Christ.

Yesterday afternoon, after I made my post (which admittedly helped calm my rage just posting it), I called her gynecologist. (I have uterine issues so I got her a gyno to get checked for them once she started her period.) 

She was very understanding, and offered to stay late if I wanted to bring my daughter in that evening. So, I called the police, let them know I was taking her to an appointment at her gyno that evening as well, so we could coordinate.

My daughter was a bit hesitant to go see the doctor, but understood when I explained that we needed to make sure she wasn't pregnant and didn't have any damage that went uncared for because her father refused to get her medical attention. 

The doctor said she's physically fine, pending the results of the STI tests, and she asked to be put on birth control for peace of mind. Though I know this is traumatic for her, and her father's family is a bunch of goddamn nutjobs, I'm glad they didn't get into her head enough that she'd be afraid to ask for that kind of protection.

After the doctor's appointment, we went home and ordered pizza, and a detective arrived around 8pm. He sat down with my daughter in our living room, while I hung out in my office, after making sure she was okay being alone with him. (didn't want her to not tell him something for fear I'd hear it.)

The detective told me before he left that this is a serious matter, and he'd be contacting me with information about anyone in Maine I needed to speak to. I made a few copies of the letter, and scanned it in, then gave him the original and emailed him a digital copy. He left a big folder with a bunch of victim advocacy groups' information in it. He also told me to get a restraining order for her against her father's family. 

After he left, we sat down and set up her new cell phone, and she went on Facebook and blocked her father's family, as they had started posting victim-blamey bullshit to her wall. Within an hour my phone was ringing, with my ex demanding that I make our daughter unblock him since apparently he's decided he has a right to be on her facebook. I told him to only contact me through my attorney, and hung up. 

This morning, I got a call back from my attorney, even though he's on vacation. His assistant heard my message and contacted him about it, since it seemed more pressing than most other matters, and he called me to reassure me that he will handle it, and since we divorced in CA, the custody arrangement is in CA, and it will be amended in CA (since CA is her state of residency), and in CA they take a real dim view of this kind of shit. He also told me at 14 no judge he knows of would tell her she HAD to go visit her father, much less in this situation. 

I have an appointment for her with a trauma counselor the detective recommended this afternoon, and took the day off work so that I could help her as needed. Right now she's mostly been playing World of Warcraft and eating junk food, but I feel like at least right now I'm not going to tell her when she needs to go to bed or police her health choices.

I want to thank you all for your excellent advice and support. I will do my best to keep you updated as the situation unfolds, but my conversation with the detective and my attorney leads me to believe that while the custody amendment will not take too long, the criminal proceedings may take longer, as they are complicated by the fact the victim lives in one state and the crime occurred in a different state.
There's a CPS agent that seems to be convinced that I have a child and I'm locking the child in my home. First time I was visited, I was very understanding. I allowed her to search my house without any restrictions. Everything seemed fine. Obviously no child and no evidence of one, because I don't have a child.

This was repeated 4 times in about 2 months by the same agent, until I stopped cooperating. I told her that from now on the only way I'm going to allow access to my property will be with a search warrant. A few weeks later, she came with a police officer, without a search warrant. The officer told me that it will be a lot easier if I allowed them to look at my house, I allowed the officer to do that by himself. Again, no child was found. His search was very thorough, looking for hidden basements or doors in walls or something like that. 

Two more times she has visited me to talk about my child and these times I have refused to talk to her. Once, as I left home to go to work she was there to ask me questions. It definitely looked like she was waiting right outside my house to get a hold of me. I called the police but it went nowhere. I have called the CPS office in my area 4 times to file a complaint but they go nowhere. This last incident happened this last Thursday.

This woman has contacted my neighbors, my brother and sister, my coworkers and my employer already. Everyone has told her that I don't have a child. 

This definitely seems like a personal obsession on the part of the agent. If this was a legitimate CPS operation with reasonable evidence for what they're claiming, I'm sure they could get warrants after all this time and even put me under surveillance I guess? But they've made no efforts to do anything as far as my complaints have gone. So maybe her superiors are in on it, or at least don't care at all.

This is really going too far and is affecting my life. I actually fear for my safety now. I will install security cameras this week and will call the police if I found her waiting around my house but they don't seem to care because she's with the CPS.

Do I have a legal recourse here? Like filing a restraining order against the CPS (or against her), or maybe informing some different authorities to press charges for stalking? This definitely seems like it, at least in the layman's definition of the term. Not sure how stalking is defined legally. What's the best way to stop her? 

Location: Buffalo, NY
Thank you all so much for all the wonderful advice!!! I definitely feel more educated and informed about my rights now. 

I'm no longer being evicted and I got all of my late fees back as an account credit, except for $5, but at this point I don't even care to ask why.

 I used the property records to hunt down their main office in Houston(I live in Dallas) and forwarded them the same email outlining all the ways they had violated my lease that I had sent to the TAA, the City, as well as the apparently pointless (thanks, guys) BBB.

The guy there got me set up with the online payment system that they actually DO have, contrary to what the office manager here told me. Next month I can just pay online!

He went through my account, got it paid, and refunded me $125 in late fees as a credit. I actually overpaid $5, still, but it's mostly a win without having to go to court. 

I also now have the contact information for a pro bono place that specializes in housing, just in case I ever need it. 

Thank you all so much for the overwhelming amount of responses and information &lt;3
I live in Alberta, Canada. About a year and a half ago, my family got a huge surprise from my great grandfather, who gave us each $5000 with the exception of my mother. I was 17 at the time, and my mother and uncle went to the bank with me to set up a joint account between me and my uncle since my great grandfather wrote the cheques in both mine and his name for some reason.

My father, who was an alcoholic at the time, stated that it would be best that all of the bank cards of the newly created accounts be in his and my mothers hands so that we wouldnt make reckless purchases. At the time, I didnt mind since I was planning to save the money for university, but the main reason I gave the card to them was because my father was not one to cross. Hes done things to me in the past, and ive been scared of him since.

All was fine until a couple months later when I decided to pitch into my savings with my job, only to find that the $5000 was gone through multiple purchases.

The tap function was on the card.

I confronted my mother immediately, away from my father, and she agreed to pay back $400 a month. However, this only happened for three months. Around the same time this started, my great grandfather, unaware of what happened, sent another $5000. Due to a plane ticket I bought to see my gf this August as well as a $500 slash to my paycheque, I was left with about $1000. However, after we transferred the money into my brothers account to keep my father as calm and stable as possible, his account was locked, my mother refusing to open the account.

I burst under the pressure, and was given the boot. While I was in the homeless shelter, i kept asking for the $1000 back to get shelter to find my mother already unlocked the account and gave it to my father. 

I had to drop my classes in high school right before the diplomas because of this. I was unable to get a credit card approved by the bank for application because of the ridiculous transactions, and found that my great grandfather was going to send another $10,000 before he learned of what my parents did. A couple months later, i was let back in, but now theyre telling me "its gone, money is the root of all evil". 

I lost my girlfriend after cancelling the trip, lost my university aspirations, and lost much more that id rather not reveal here. What should I do? 

UPDATE: After seeing all of the suggestions here and seeing just how many people apparently have my back, I decided to leave the house and go back to the youth shelter while I get myself a lawyer and gather the necessary evidence. Thank you all, I never thought this would blow up like this when I went to sleep last night. Knowing a couple thousand strangers have my back seems to give me more courage to go about with this action than I did before.

You see, I have about $650-700 in known debt right now, and they're asking me to pay $250 a month for a room even worse than the unfinished basement I was sleeping in before, and giving my mattress away, as I found out just now during the moving preparations. It's still $500 cheaper than the room I paid for per month after getting out of the shelter at my friend's place, but it doesn't feel right, especially with how they're consistently acting as if what they did was nothing. If you guys have any more advice, I'll be sure to take it and update you all with the situation. 
This happened a few days ago. I live in Philly and I was walking along a busy street and I see this SUV at a one-way narrow street waiting to move forward at a green light. There is a small car ahead of him that's turning right. The SUV wasn't moving past the car because he thought he didn't have enough room. I saw that he did and I just gave him a thumbs up that he can go. He ended up hitting the other car (he was trying to avoid the curb I guess and turned at the last second). 

They got into a bit of an argument and shared info and decided to call the police to make a claim I think. I didn't really listen but the other guy (in the small car) asked me to hang back and provide a witness in case he needs it since I saw the whole thing. They both shared each others insurance and ID.

The SUV guy asked me for my ID for witness too for his insurance claim. Soon after he took a picture of my ID on his phone he said I was the reason he moved and that he will have to make a claim against me. He is threatening to sue me and said that he would rather just send me the damage bill of both of the cars. I felt bad because I gave him the thumbs up that there was room but he DID turn at the last second. The other guy was also annoyed that I shouldn't have told him to go. 

He called and left a VM that I need to act soon because if he makes a claim in a court it would lead to a lot of legal fees for both of us or something. He said that if I agree to pay I can just pay half of the damages.

I'm worried that it's going to be a huge amount and I don't want to go to court. If it goes to court will I have my credit ruined? Sorry I don't know too much legal stuff!

Edit: Now he is saying that my future will be screwed and my credit score is going to be messed up and that there is a possibility that I may be criminally convicted?? I am an immigrant here on a visa and I am worried that it's going to affect me!

Edit 2: Hey guys, thank you so much for your support! This has been really helpful. However, I am getting conflicting advice here. Some are saying that the other person (SUV guy) has a case and it seems like there have been cases similar to this. Some are telling me that I am absolutely guilty and should have everything taken from me! Also I am not sure who Ayan Rand (legal author?) is and how this affects me? I spoke with a legal hotline service and they said that they are not sure of the laws but I need to get a notarized letter from the SUV guy saying that i won't be sued if I choose to pay. I am honestly super scared and stressed that my immigration status will be affected (like the guy said). Should I be contacting immigration lawyer too?
This past weekend a man with two passengers from a local event went up in a hot air balloon, something went awry and he landed it in my yard. They had been there for a bit when I let my dogs out (balloon wasn't visible from the door or obviously I wouldn't have done so). My dogs are good dogs but frankly hot air balloons are freaking weird and it was new territory for them and they went into a mad panic and attacked the balloon (the people were safe in the basket). I coraled the dogs and they got the balloon hauled out of the yard and into a truck.

Last night the pilot of the balloon found my email address and sent me several email addresses for information - first homeowner's insurance, second info on my dog's breed and ages, third my address. I can only imagine where he will be going with this.

I know I need to consult a lawyer if this is going to go somewhere but right now I'm not even sure where to start. Am I liable for a balloon my dogs damage that literally lands in my fenced yard? Since our property is a notable size we have no tresspassing signs around but they're of course not visible from the air.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: I should mention I Googled and the balloon bit that was ripped apparently costs tens of thousands. So that's why I'm concerned.
Previous post a month ago [over here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9g6uwn/does_a_child_who_didnt_see_one_parent_because_the/).

I'm safe, and I'm out.

I organised a place to stay with a coworker. I have new bank accounts and all my paperwork. My dad has some regular sport meetings on Saturdays that go for hours so I prepared everything the week before, found where my paperwork was and walked out. I've been approved for a rental and I move there soon.

I contacted two police stations near us beforehand who both understood dad's nature straight away when I told them he'd been telling me I couldn't move out because of a time debt and they told me it wasn't a thing. 

I took copies of all of his paperwork too because while I was getting ready to move I found most of what I knew about my parents separating was a lie. There was never a 50/50 custody agreement and my mother never ran off with me in violation to that. My dad had been held for several domestic violence incidents when I was a child and he was only to see me on special holidays and only under strict supervision. He's never been violent to me, but in the papers he had hidden was evidence of a trust available to me when I'm 21. Some of the specific wording is it can go to me as an individual or to my carer if that is required. I think my dad was trying to make himself up as my carer without me knowing. I did not find the letter I read when I was a kid from dad's lawyer but like you all said that was probably fake.

After I moved out my dad did try to contact the police. They came to my coworker's address because they had to, but also let me know that yes my dad was trying to say I couldn't look after myself. His words were that I was "borderline retarded and being abused".

I've been back to Canada to visit my aunts and uncle, and found the aunt who was named to manage my trust died very soon after my mother. We're still working out the details with a Canadian lawyer about some confusion over who handles what and how now but I have the full support of my remaining aunt and uncle who are the same great people I remember. They were really worried about me when I went to live with dad and had tried to contact me so many times.

Thanks for all your help, your comments gave me the confidence to act.
I'm being accused of cheating in a math exam. I am 16 years old. I got a perfect score in the exam and the teacher asked me to stay after the class and she told me that she knows I cheated. I didn't cheat. My math has always been good except last year when I was dealing with depression. She says she knows someone of my mental faculties will never be able to get a perfect score so I must have cheated.

I told her that I didn't cheat and I'm offended at the accusation. Two days ago I was asked to see the principal who said the same thing, that I should confess to cheating and tell them how I did it so that they can stop other students from doing it. He more or less threatened me "this can go very well or very bad for you depending on your cooperation with us."

I told him that I'm happy to retake a new exam right now or at any other time to prove that I didn't cheat but he said that I could have had time to prepare since the time my teacher talked to me. I told him that if their evidence for my cheating is my lack of mental faculties then no amount of studying should make a difference? He still did not agree for me to take another exam to prove that I could get that score.

Yesterday I was asked to his office again and he told me that he knows about how some students are cheating and offered me a clean slate if I let them access my social media and emails to find out who they are and if I give them evidence of other students cheating he will let me retake the exam. I have no knowledge of what he is talking about and I declined access to my social media and email.

I'm now suspended for disobedience of school staff and lack of cooperation for proving my innocence from a cheating charge. This to me sounds very unfair and I can't help but feel like I'm being targeted here for maybe a personal reason? Because this does not make any sense. They have no evidence that I cheated and refused my offer of retaking the exam and they insulted my intelligence.
I know this is a shot in the dark but I forgot to grab your contact info and I know you mentioned you like this sub. 

If this works I'd be pretty shocked.

EDIT: Location: LES MANHATTAN!

Edit #2: Reddit - you guys are fucking awesome. 

Edit #3: Getting some weird af PMs and phone numbers from people with zipcodes no where near New York. 

Edit #4: Currently taking suggestions for something "absurd/crazy/disgusting" to do - I will record and post it - if this actually fucking works. Highest upvoted comment wins, but must be in reason. Get set, go!

Edit #5: MISSION ACCOMPLISHED REDDIT! HE'S BEEN FOUND!!!!! u/binarytree has been located! What the fuck!!

Edit #6: (per my friend Henry's request) "check out the app 'Froth - NYC Cocktails' https://appsto.re/us/zy-q_.i app and they give you your first drink free." 

Edit #7: I will be donating to charity instead of shoving a cucumber up my ass and calling in the bomb squad as suggested by a redditor on this thread. :)
I had an appointment for a huge tattoo that was estimated at about 2000$. When I made the appointment everything seemed fine and professional, and I made a safety deposit of 500$ which is not at all unusual.

When I turned up to the appointment a month later, I noticed the artist was super stoned (red eyes, reeking of weed, slurred speech...) to the point that I didn't feel comfortable getting tattooed by him. I requested a new appointment with another artist. The lady at the reception didn't understand my problem, became insulting and refused to offer me either my safety deposit back or a new appointment. Finally she called somebody else (higher up the chain apparently) on the phone who confirmed they would transfer the deposit back to my account. Stupidly I assumed the problem was resolved and left.

Not only didn't they not transfer it back, they proceeded to make an angry post on their facebook page about how 'some people' just cancel appointments without notice and then have the 'audacity' to demand their money back. For a few minutes the post included a link to my name until they presumably deleted it. 

So here I am with 500$ less and no tattoo, was I legally 'in the right' to refuse being tattooed by someone under the influence - like, would this count as a legit reason? I was honestly worried it would turn out shit. What do I do next?
OG r/[https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9gl4df/co\_a\_boy\_with\_an\_intellectual\_disability/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9gl4df/co_a_boy_with_an_intellectual_disability/)

We talked to the teacher and principal. They have been less than helpful to say the least.

There has been some back and forth via emails and visiting the school and the principal has been mostly hands off and the teacher has retaliated against our daughter.

I don't think the the specifics are super important but in the end we asked "perhaps seating be rearranged". The teacher decided to announce to the class that our daughter was "afraid" of the boy and moved her to a desk next to her desk. Like, literally next to hers, facing the rest of the class. My daughter is mortified and has said she will never tell us about anything ever again. My daughter is "safe" but at what cost? Have we taught our girl that reporting sexual is assault is not worth it? We've destroyed her trust in us and the school/teacher. The vindictive part of me almost wants to pursue the assault charges just to teach these assholes a lesson.
My son is in full-day kindergarten, and the kids eat lunch and snack in their classroom (not the cafeteria), because there is a child with severe allergies to multiple foods. I first of all want to say that I am completely fine making accommodations so a child with multiple, severe allergies can go to school. I can’t imagine what his family goes through, and how nerve-wracking this is for them. At the same time, all twenty kids in the class are now affected.


- kids are only allowed to bring in pre-packaged foods and beverages so that the teacher can check the ingredients, so I can’t pack him a sandwich- everything has to be in a sealed package.


- Parents are asked not to serve the children any of the severe allergens for breakfast before coming to school, including peanut butter, eggs and dairy. 


- Parents with pets are asked to dress their children right before leaving the house, to reduce pet dander on clothes. The teacher suggested (but it’s not required) that kids can get dressed in the garage :/


Again, I am happy to comply as best I can, but I am curious at what point accommodations go from reasonable to unreasonable. 



Edit: Just to clarify, because a lot of people have questions:

- Kids wash their hands at the classroom sink as soon as they get to school, and before and after lunch. 

- Kids *are* allowed to bring packaged food that contains allergens (other then peanuts), just no liquid milk, yogurt or hard boiled eggs, and no snacks that leave a heavy powder residue like Doritos. Kids can get food “delivered” from the cafeteria, as long as it’s not the above mentioned food. 

- there are only two classes per grade, so switching classes is not a sustainable option. 


My kid is doing okay for now, thanks to his love of pita and hummus, which comes in a prepackaged snack cup. However if next week he decides he doesn’t like hummus, or if he is being too messy with the hummus (the kid with allergies is allergic to sesame, which is in hummus apparently) we’ll be in a jam- no pun intended, I think actual jam is okay.
When my brother was 16 and I was 4 my grandmother set aside a share portfolio for us. As soon as we were old enough it was transfered into our own accounts, and it was only four years later that my brother dipped heavily into his and bought a new honda.

I knew about mine for much longer than he did before it became mine, and watched it grow since I understood what it was. By the time I was given full control it was already worth a ridiculous amount because a big portion of it was invested in apple, and I'm torn on using the funds locked up as they are, because Dad drilled it into me to leave it to grow until I'm forty something.

I don't talk much with my brother, he's done some stupid things to the family over the years and I didn't really grow up with him so all I usually hear about his life comes through dad. His new girlfriend works in law though, and I've received a formal letter from them both that the investments my grandmother made were designed to be for both of us to use not just for me alone, and his was only around $15000. The number is right but mine was only worth that at the time he spent it too. They want half of the value of mine now and his girlfriend has informed me if I don't give them access then the legal fees and fines would eat up my half and I'd be left with nothing.

The dividends alone support a huge part of my life and they've saved me a few times. If half of that disappeared it'd set me back years. I know it sounds selfish but I'm really used to having the extra income back me up when I've wanted to move. I've lived in four states by my own choice and I want to move and take in more before I settle down, if I ever do.

How likely is it they'll win and leave me with nothing? As far as I know there was no paperwork or will just my grandmother's word. She set up my brother's accounts when he turned 19, but she gave them to dad at the same time as my brother got his, and dad transfered the whole lot to me six years ago. For my share I have all the logins, the trading accounts and bank accounts are in my name, and the shares are all solely in my name too. Should I find my own lawyer and if I need one what kind do I need? I have an accountant I've used for years but this doesn't seem like an accounts problem but a law one.
[Update to this post from yesterday](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8qspex/fl_my_neighbor_has_basically_booby_trapped_his/)

I got home late last night and the posts were still there so after walking my dog I called the police non-emergency line again and they said they'd send a car out early in the morning. 

I'm working from home today and sure enough around 8am a cop car pulled up to my neighbors house.  Two officers stepped out and kicked around his front yard where the posts were before going up to knock on his door.  There was about a 5 minute discussion where my neighbor looked quite agitated (couldn't hear what was said) but he came out with some gloves on and pulled all the posts out while the cops watched and he seemed to be shouting at them.  The officers took the posts then one handed him something (not sure if a citation, pamphlet, or something else) and drove away.  Neighbor left for work in a huff about 30 mins later.

Not sure if it's the last thing the neighbor will try but at least that hazard is gone.  Thanks to everyone for the advice.    
Hi all, I’m in Florida and was pulled over for going 30 over the speed limit. I was perfectly nice to the officer, and apologized for my speed. He asked for my license and asked if the address on it was current, I told him no, that I had recently moved. He then asked me to write down my current address. I happened to have post it notes and pens in my middle compartment. I wrote down my address, gave him the post-it note and he then asked for my pen.(I don’t know at this point if he knew he was borrowing mine, or if he thought it was his). I complied and gave him my pen. He came back after giving me a ticket and had me sign it (giving me back my pen). I signed and put the pen away in its usual compartment, handing him back the signed ticket. He said “my pen?” And I said “oh I’m sorry that was my pen” he then said “give me back my pen” and I told him “sir, you had borrowed my pen. My father gave me this pen”. He insisted it was his, so I complied and gave it to him. Anyways, he left with my pen. Unfortunately, the pen was a silver pen (probably cost like 100 dollars, it was a nice pen) but it didn’t have anything specific for me to point out it was mine. All in all, I’m just annoyed he was able to walk away with my pen due to his shitty memory and lack of listening to me. What if that had been a 300 dollar pen? Is there anything I can do, like filing a complaint against him?
My roommate has been the roommate from hell, and they recently stepped over the line. Long story short, I was granted a court ordered eviction again against the roommate, and that was that. 

He's supposed to be out tomorrow. I come back to find my dog dead in my backyard, with 4 bullet holes in her. I was fucking devastated. I called my roommate maybe 10 times. He finally texted me, "that's what you get for fucking with me. Don't ever contact me again." 

I immediately called the police. They said because I don't have any proof, that they can't do anything, and that I need to sue him. Google is giving me mixed answered. I don't know what to do. Can my roommate really just shoot my dog to death and get away with it? I've raised her from the day she was born. She was a part of my family. I can't stop crying, and it just seems like there's nothing I can do. 
To catch you up, in case you aren't following my story;
I clean for private residences in my local area. A year ago, a favorite client of mine's grandson "Mark", a 22 year old that lived with my client, accused me of stealing money from their home. $150 to be exact. I was eventually charged with theft, and facing up to 2 years in jail and huge fines!! I have a clean record, and it was his word against mine. So I fought it, and would not accept a plea bargain. For the last year, I've had to report to the court house monthly And sit in the courtroom next to dozens of others and reiterate that I would NOT accept a plea bargain. My public defender would really lay it on thick too. He would say things like, Sure it's awful to plead guilty to something you didnt do, but you know whats worse? Being in jail for something you didnt do. He would pressure me with the what-ifs of standing trial and the verdict is basically a coin flip. I was never so afraid in my life! But in life, you are given opportunities to either fight or surrender.. and even though the sacrifice here was my freedom, the alternative was my dignity. So we finally have a trial date set and about 2 days before I went in to pick my jury, my public defender calls me with news-The Prosecution is dropping the charges and making a motion to NULLIFY!! What?! I damn near fell backwards!! Gone. All that stress, all that needless anxiety..GONE! In hindsight, looking into the matter, many Prosecutors do NOT want to actually go to trial with most cases. They WANT you to plea out so it's over and done with. But I stood my ground, and in my case, it worked out to my advantage. I wish the rest of you the best, thanks for everything, special thanks goes to u/JustNilt for Being so helpful!
EDIT:
The title of this post inaccurately states my father was body-slammed. After a carefully talking to the family members present I realized this was not the case. The rest of this post remains unchanged.

A little background: 

My entire family and I are naturalized citizens from Mexico. We were all born and raised in Mexico and we tend to visit a lot of family and friends on an almost daily matter. We live in San Diego and in order to avoid hours of waiting at the border, we applied for and received [Sentry cards](https://www.cbp.gov/travel/trusted-traveler-programs/sentri/how-apply-sentri). We are hard-working people, engineers, educators, pay our taxes, etc...

My father was crossing back across the border into the US in one of the sentry lanes during labor day at around 7 PM. My father was driving, my mother in the passenger seat, and my pregnant sister-in-law and my niece were in the back of the car. According to the accounts of my family, there were two border patrol officers on the passenger side checking sentry cards before the actual booth. One of the officers made a hand signal in the shape of a license, implying that my dad flash the sentry cards, which he did - but the officer did not see it. The officer starts walking in front of the vehicle towards the driver side door while making the same motion and yelling something out which my father does not make out (he is deaf). He starts banging on the drivers side door. My father once again flashes the sentry cards and says "Here it is!". 

My family says that the officer did not like the tone my father was using and said "OK. I'm gonna get your sentry card taken away". My father opens the car door, confused and interpreting the banging on it as the officer asking to open it up. The officer then proceeds to choke my dad, drag him out of the car and handcuff him. My mother tried to explain that my father was deaf and wasn't understanding what the officer wanted. He replied with "I don't care".

Afterwards, my father was taken to a processing facility and released without any charges - except the officer was successful in taking his sentry card.

For obvious reasons this angers me - it really complicates our way of life here in a border city. I'd like to recover my dads sentry card.

I also would like to acquire video of the situation if possible. Border crossings are high-security environments and I know there must be video of the incident in possession by the BP officers. How would I go about getting video of the incident?
I posted here for advice a while back and received some excellent, some funny and some conflicting advice from all of you.  The overwhelming advice was to get a lawyer, which I did. I explained the situation and that I had posted here, as well as the many topics you all prompted me to read up on (which was very helpful).  While my lawyer seemed pleased with your advice to me, he also urged me to immediately stop publicly posting about the situation, which I did (and which I see from my many messages has disappointed all of you!)

First thing's first: everything worked out in my favor.

My wife was upset by the entire situation and especially concerned with our children, and she got involved as well.  She spoke with some friends who were able to get her in touch with the local city council. They could not explicitly do anything direct to help us but did get us in touch with some of the right people to discuss our situation.

One of the most important results from those connections was learning that the "sheriff" who we spoke to was actually a deputy who was acting on the sheriff's behalf. We were able to meet with the actual sheriff.  He did agree that we should be more open to compromise but was much more willing to admit that we had no immediate legal reason to do so, and no interest in forcing us to.

My lawyer made a key point of the fact (I use the term loosely) that if the neighbors require an easement to access their land, they should so so with the land they sold, and not with unrelated land. After a lot of back and forth (but no court proceedings, luckily) with the other party, their attention was refocused on the buyer of their land. Funny enough, it's a small world and I ended up meeting the buyer who was in my lawyer's office for a consultation with one of his partner's. He ended up needing to get a different lawyer (since I already had a lawyer from the firm, as I understand it) but we did keep in contact to some extent.

Now, some speculation: we believe that the reason the neighbors didn't bother us for a while was their finances; their lawyer was happy to keep pushing as long as he was getting paid, but when money ran dry he lost interest. 

Due (we believe) to those financial problems as well as their inability to find a quick solution, the neighbors ultimately moved into town and lived with family there for several months. The neighbor on the other side gave them one-time access with a moving truck. Their lawyer had been showing up with them but was gone at that time, which is another reason I suspect major money issues.

In the fall the situation picked up again, with contact from a new lawyer this time. This new lawyer requested a meeting with us (and our lawyer, of course). He requested that we consider buying their property to resolve the issue. We initially said no, they offered it to the owner on the other side, they said no, they sweetened the pot. Eventually the price was right and my wife and I had developed an interest in more land. We discussed terms, then decided against it, they went a little cheaper again, we purchased their land.

I nearly posted an update once the purchase was complete but there was an additional interesting detail that came out of the woodwork, and brought new legal questions. The neighbors had used their land and home as collateral for an informal loan and the person who lent to them wanted the property when they failed to repay him. He came after us.  The outcome of this was that they are the ones who failed their end of the contract, so his problem was with the neighbors, NOT with us.  This is definitely a sideline from the original situation but caused a delay in my ability to update.

As of today, my wife and I are out a substantial amount of money due to legal fees, which it turned out was not worth going after from the neighbors. There is also bad news in that the home on that property was essentially worth even less than we thought, and there were major issues beyond the land itself (septic tank failure, leaking oil tank).  Those expenses were slightly mitigated by insurance but we are out a good some.

We also had a hard time combining the plots, which was legally desirable to build anything that straddled the two property lines. However the plots are now combined into one large plot.

The good is that the neighbors are no longer an issue for us, and by this summer their property should be in good shape to use for a new project of our own. On one hand, I will say this: the little chunk of land was definitely not worth the time and stress involved in this process, nor the money. However, the outcome was positive for our family (for which there is no dollar value) and it's all over with now.

My sincere thanks to everyone who offered advice.  There are far too many of you to thank individually, but please know that I appreciated everyone's contributions and I hope you're all still around to read my much delayed resolution.
I got pulled over last night. The cop said I was going 60 in a 50. I was about 30 ft away from the 60 mph sign. The cop took my license back to his car for about 2 minutes, came back and gave it back me and said to watch my speed and have a good night.

This is my first time ever getting pulled over, I’m 17 years old. I’m not really sure how things work when you get pulled over, but did I get a ticket?

Wow did not expect to get this much feedback, thank you all
IMy spouse and I tired for 5 years to conceive a child. We were unsuccessful conceiving naturally. We were eventually successful on our 3rd IVF attempt. He is 14 months old now.

My biggest fear came true, that something went wrong. I don't know why I did it, but I performed a DNA paternity test on my baby. As it turns out my baby is not a match to either of us.

If I say something I could lose my baby. After our last transfer we should have had 1 embryo frozen still. So what happened to the embryo that was supposed to go in me? If my baby is not my baby then we should still have 2 frozen embryos. But I am afraid of losing my little guy.

I did more than one test. 3 actually. Same results.

What do I do?

Edit: wording.
Edit2: The first two DNA tests were performed by me. The third was performed by a Dr. 
Edit3:My spouse knows.

https://redd.it/6smnxv

West Virginia

I had a brief meeting with HR and CEO. He said I no longer work there and I could choose to resign or be fired. I recorded the conversation. They chewed me out for discussing another persons wages. Then I asked what the actual grounds for termination were. They replied that I violated 3 company policies and when I asked them how, they would only repeat that I had violated 3 policies. I told them I couldn't resign so they stood up and walked me out the front door.
https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9nn04q/my_parents_used_my_personal_info_to_take_out_a/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=hot&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=legaladvice

I managed to have a friend get in contact with a neighbor who knocked on their door and spoke to them a bit last evening. No, she doesn't have cancer. Reporting it to the police and CC company as fraud.

Thanks.
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8ze596/how_do_i_help_my_underage_cousin_get_an_abortion/

I'd like to thank you for your excellent advice which allowed us to help our cousin.

A few days after my post we asked her parents to allow her to come with me and my brother to DC as a cousin bonding trip. They were open to it and even ended up paying for her ticket and driving all of us to the airport.

We took mandatory pictures at all the usual places to make it seem genuine and then went onto the abortion clinic which we had previously booked an appointment. Everything went smoothly and the abortion was performed. The next day our cousin wasn't feeling well but we had a day for her to rest before coming back so it was fine. We paid for the abortion ourselves although her parents giving us money to spend for this trip helped cover most of the cost anyway as we didn't really do anything else so we didn't need much money.

Thanks again. Now that it's over and the abortion is behind her and she's recovered I've had a chat with her about birth control and we're making sure this doesn't happen again (unless she herself wants to get pregnant, of course!). She has also dumped her boyfriend who completely ghosted her ever since hearing she's pregnant.
This is in Alabama. I’m really really upset over all of this so I’m sorry if it doesn’t make sense. This happened last week and it was only brought to my attention today what exactly I ate and I’m a mess. My coworkers all cook a lot and bring in food for everyone. They all know I have food restrictions because I usually don’t partake (which pisses most of them off because it’s “rude”). One girl brought in a pie and was very proud of herself, saying I could eat it. So I did because I’m a trusting idiot. My stomach was a wreck that night and the next day but I’m pregnant and have a weird stomach anyways so I didn’t connect the dots. There’s been some other shit since and I’m on even stricter rules right now. One of my coworkers was commenting on it all today after seeing me eat my sad work dinner, and said outright that it isn’t the end of the world if I eat the stuff I’m not supposed to because “a lightning bolt won’t come from heaven and kill you”. I sort of gave her a look and she laughed and said it didn’t when I ate the pie and told me what was in it. I’m so so upset right now. I genuinely don’t know what to do or say. They’ve ignored my wishes and been outright hostile before but never like this. I went home crying last week over something else and filed with HR over it but they didn’t take it seriously and this is just my breaking point. I’m not coming back after I have this baby but is there something I can do legally? TL;DR- Coworkers put something I don’t eat into food and lied about it to me, saying they specifically made it safe for me. Now they told me they did it to prove a point. Do I have legal recourse? 
Original thread here - https://np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/612803/richmond_va_i_caused_an_accident_a_year_and_a/

The lady I hit, for several weeks, refused to take the (verbally) agreed upon settlement and my insurance company put it on the back burner. In June they gave her 30 days to respond or they would rescind the offer. 

In the middle of June she hired a lawyer not connected to her insurance, rather a personal injury atty. I got a letter from the law firm telling me that I was going to be sued if I did not compensate their client the $40,000 she thinks she's owed from the car accident.

I kicked the letter off to my insurance company; I first called then emailed it: My adjuster that I was working with had an audible "siggggghhhhh..." after I read him the letter. Then a strained chuckle. "We will take care of this."

I heard back from them on Wed the 5th - They sent all documentation of the accident, the audio recording of her verbally agreeing to the settlement amount, and her "manifesto" to her newly hired atty. They apparently also included a note that stated that they were giving her until the end of June to accept the money or they would rescind the offer if she did not get this taken care of soon. 

My adjuster called me this morning to tell me that the issue has been resolved. She has signed an agreement yesterday that she cannot sue if she takes the money. According to my adjuster, they re-offered her the $40,000 because of two things: Primarily they wanted this to just go away and they did not want to be sued for more, second they apparently know of this personal injury atty, he requires a VERY high contingency percentage and this woman essentially played herself by hiring someone that was not necessary. He collected on her behalf and took his cut.

That's all I know, so yeah. Issue resolved and my insurance has jumped up a small bit in cost due to the accident. 
Sorry for the delay, but that will be explained at the bottom. 

The Arborist came out this past Wednesday. Prior to this meeting, and this whole mess, I had taken trees for granted. I simply assumed that you would plant a seed, they would grow, you'd cut them down, make shit, and the process would repeat. But no, I was informed by this mystic man of nature, trees are far more complex. 

They takes years to root. Some trees need more dirt and ground to establish themselves. Some are more valuable in certain areas, with historical roots to the area. Some are incapable of growing in neighborhoods if infrastructure has since been built. And some trees produce different "veneer quality" logs. 

White Oak Trees, or *Quercus alba*, is apparently one such tree that is highly sought after for veneer quality logs. They're used for furniture, for banjos here in the South, for all sorts of woodcraft. And, as the magical treeman told me, they're damn tough to grow in neighborhoods. Their roots don't let them grow in neighborhoods, and they shy from urban pollution. His point, is that if you had two white oak trees of veneer quality cut down from your front yard, is that they'd be irreplaceable. New ones could never regrow to that 100 year old size ever again. 

Because of that, Treeman, God of Dollars, stated that $1000 per year, per tree, is a base compensation. 

Sorry for the delay. My lawyer has been smelling blood in the water, and wanted to ensure whatever I posted wouldn't put our $200,000 tree case in jeopardy, and wanted to go over it first. 

TL;DR: Don't cut down White Oaks in the birthplace of Old Hickory, or else. 
Thanks for the replies when I [originally posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/77vzo6/ca_parents_took_and_sold_my_car_and_wont_tell_me/).

All I needed was a more with-it police officer. I went in person with all the documentation proving that my car is my vehicle and with my brother, and stated clearly that my car had been stolen and sold and we knew who did it. The officer I dealt with this time treated everything seriously and listened to us both.

I had my car back within two days. My parents had taken it and hadn't sold it like they claimed but were renting it to someone they knew. The car was retrieved from the rentee's house. I hadn't yet made a claim on it so it was returned to me the day after retrieval. My mother has been charged, and I've also been questioned about my parents drug use. I'm over the moon that what they did trying to rip me off has shone a light on more of their behavior. 

I'm still trying to gain clarity with my insurer about possible internal damage to the engine or transmission and having that thoroughly checked out, but that's beside the point.

As a bonus this was the last straw for my brother. He'd been still living under our parents thumb and this gave him enough reason to also cut them off and commit to acting against them. I have my car back and my brother back more than I did before.

Update.

https://reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9bfo4r/my_brother_hacked_into_everything_and_is_trying/

Without going into a lot of detail, based on some of the stuff I read on here and a conversation with a friend, I realized that the way I viewed the relationship with my brother was incredibly messed up and I decided to act more seriously about this. I was thinking about how to proceed last night while cleaning, and then I actually found a camera. I know I said I thought there was one before but I don't think I really consciously did. It was in my bathroom.

I have gone to the police station and for now have an injunction against my brother. I also reported the computer hacking along with texts and a phone message he sent where he both alludes to and directly confirms it, so.

I don't know what'll happen but I feel a lot better having taken this right. I appreciate the comments people sent it helped a lot.

Thanks.


So, bit of a weird one, so please bear with me.

I rent an apartment from a man who lives down the street. It's a nice enough apartment and up till now I've had very few issues.

The problem is he's rather... conservative, and I'm rather... gay.

Once he found out that my boyfriend wasn't just a friend who spent a lot of time with me, he tried to bar him from coming over. I told him to "pound sand", as it goes.

Now he sent me a letter stating that effective immediately, there shall be a $250 fine every time I "commit the sin of homosexuality" in my apartment. If I refuse to sign the addendum, he claims he will file to evict me due to breach of the lease, specifically the clause that the premesis shall not be used for illegal activity.

He cites MA state code that criminalizes fornication (sex outside marriage), and "crimes against good nature", which he insists means homosexual relations (the statute does not define it any further). 

I looked them up, and they are evidently real crimes. I know they're not enforceable by any stretch, but have I technically done "illegal activity" in my apartment?

I really don't want to move early (lease started in Sept), or have an eviction on my record.

I know this seems absolutely silly, but the fact that they are still technically crimes in the book gives me a little pause.

Do I need to take this seriously, or can I start coming up with more ways to say pound sand? What should I do if he does try to take further action?
Update: in May 2015 I resigned from a 13 year job, due to harassment caused  by a new employee, cousin of the business owner. Former employer realized he didn't have a non-compete and in hoping to keep me away, filed a frivolous lawsuit, fueled by his cousin's lies about me. I initially hired a lawyer, and after the first month's legal costs of over $6k, I realized I could not afford a lawyer and defended Pro Se. I made mistakes, but in the end I survived the almost 3 years since this shitstorm started, and finally got the case dismissed.
I feel like a huge weight has been lifted. I'm bruised and broke, but you should see the other guy (I know he spent over $150k in legal fees alone). 


Edit: Case was in Federal Court, Louisiana.


Edit 2: since the update threads are locked by default, I'm going to add here my advice for others in similar situations, since it appears to be a common question in the PMs I'm getting.


First: look really hard into getting a lawyer, even if only for initial settlement negotiations. A lawyer MAY get your case dismissed in the incipient phase. The initial month I used a lawyer gave me the general direction I followed after. It helped me discover some of the tools I needed to use later. Unfortunately, my former employer got stubborn and it became a pissing contest. 

Things I've learned and I recommend: Read (download) the Rules of civil procedure, and the local court rules. Do not let deadlines pass! Better file something incorrectly than not file, when an answer or action is expected of you. You will have the chance to fix errors later. Have a witness(es) willing to write a declaration stating that your version is correct. Use affidavits/declarations to get your evidence admitted. Also - read the Rules of evidence!

Submit subpoenas, and take depositions! This is what ultimately helped me!

Good luck, all! 

**Cross post from r/relationships. They told me to come here for advice. It is a wall of text but I needed to make sure I had all the important information.**

Hey everyone first off let me say, throw away because a lot of people know my main account. Also, I apologize for the wall of text that is ahead.

Forgot TL:DR

TL:DR; old boss is hellbent on getting me fired, spreading lies and making my new job a living nightmare.

So 5 years ago I graduated college and was applying to PA programs. I unfortunately did not get in any programs that fall, so I decided to move to a big city on the west coast. I applied to more schools out west and didn't get in. I then decided my best bet was to get more patient care hours so I got a job in a hospital, it wasn't ideal because my degree unfortunately is meaningless without grad school.

The job I get was entry level but it paid well and I was able to start paying back student loans and learn about inner workings of hospitals and see different departments. I loved my job because I was able to interact with patients, nurses, doctors pretty much all hospital staff.

I was hired on the midnight shift and during my first year I asserted myself as a leader and someone you could depend on. I worked almost 3200 hours my first year as my department was always short staffed so overtime was easy to come by.

After my first year there I still wasn't accepted into any grad school programs. But a leadership position on afternoons opened up and I applied for it and was interviewed by a panel of managers, my manager and several others.

I and 6 others out of 24 were brought back for a second interview, this one didn't involve my manager. I was told by the panel the only reason I wasn't outright given the job is because my manager didn't believe I would do a good job and she seriously doubted my leadership skills.

I agreed that I wasn't the most assertive person, but I would do my best to lead by action and speak up when I needed to. The panel informed me that, my job wasn't to force others to work harder, that was my managers job to make sure everyone was pulling their weight.

After a few weeks I got a call and was told I got the promotion I to the lead position. A few people who had been there longer than me gave me trouble the first few weeks because, "we have seniority" I told my manager and she said she would handle it.

We had what I thought was a good relationship, but it quickly became apparent she would have rather had someone else in my position, someone who would follow her direction without question even if it compromised patient care or privacy.

About 6 months after I took my current position we had several employees switch departments or quit. I was working 7 days a week 12 hour shifts until they hired enough new people to fill our voids. This took around 4 months. At that time I was accepted into a local PA program and would start the following spring.

I continued working when school started but much less than what I was before because of school. During this time my relationship with my manager deteriorated even further and she made it clear she wanted me gone. The only thing was, her boss, the director of nursing ranted and raved about what a wonderful job I was doing and even though we were at 3/4 staff I was still able to manage all the work.

I finally graduated from my program 2 1/2 years after I started. At that point I needed a break from all work as I was work in 40 hours a week on top of 36 hours of interning/clinical work as well as studying. I requested all of my PTO to be used to go back home as I hadn't left to see my family in over 5 years. My PTO was approved by HR and I took off, I had 2 full months off.

During my time off I got a call from the Emergency Department, they really wanted me to come in and be a trauma PA, I was also called by our stroke unit where I did a vast majority of my internship and they were interested in me coming to them to work. I was ecstatic because both the Emergency Department and Stroke Unit were places I wanted to work. I talked it over with my family and decided to work for the Emergency Department.

I called my boss and told her that I was putting in my 2 weeks and since I had a month and a half left on my vacation I figured I would be fine starting in the ED when I returned. I told her I was offered a full time PA position and she seemed really excited for me. I notified the ED that I would be graciously accepting their offer, and that I could start as soon as I got back.

My friend who works in the department told me my boss was livid I was quitting but I didn't think much of it. I said it was too bad and people leave all the time when it is their turn to move on.

I left it at that, I was very ready to get back to the hospital and begin working. However, when I returned, i ram into a bunch of issues, firstly, HR did transfer me to the ED as a clinical staff member but didn't terminate my previous job title. My first day, my badge stopped working I couldn't use it to get into my work area, locker room, the building. I went into HR and they said my previous manager said I wasn't part of the company anymore and to terminate my badge access.

Odd but I told them I was now a PA in the ED and showed them my new credentials. They reluctantly allowed me access to my work areas.

The next week, I am pulled aside by my new boss. He asks me how everything is going and if I can swing by his office after my shift. I tell him yeah thinking it's going to be a check up on how the new job is going.

My shift ends and I go to my new bosses office. He asks me why he is hearing so many negative things about me. I ask him what he means and he tells me I have had 3 formal complaints filed against me. I ask him if I can see them and he pulls them up on his computer. The first one is about unprofesionalim in the workplace. I ask him who filed it and he said it would be better if he kept it anonymous because the second complaint was about workplace violence. The third complaint was a HIPPA violation claim.

I was taken aback because the first two complaints came from 2017, when I was in my original department. The third complaint was when I went to clean out my previous locker and I was verbatim, "Throwaway was in a secure loaction where he sought out potential information about patients." It was the break room that doubled as out locker room, I was only there for 5 minutes to clean out my locker.

I went to HR because all of these are serious allegations and they told me all 3 complaints were made by my former manager. I was upset that all this was happening and there is basically nothing I can do. HR conducted a formal investigation on me and found nothing to be out of place.

A few weeks later my new boss had a sit down with my previous manager where she told him, "she will stop at nothing until I am fired." And, "He is the most lazy and unprofessional worker in this entire establishment."

I went to HR to file a complaint about her and potential harassment. HR told me they are unable to file my complaint because I am under review for corrective action and a manager would never do anything like that so I should just drop it while I am ahead.

About a week later I passed my old manager and she called out me me and said, "wow, I'm surprised you're still here, I wouldn't want a provider taking care of me with your reputation" in a hallway in front of patients, nurses, doctors and visitors.

I tried to schedule a meeting with her to talk but she said there was "nothing to talk about" and my actions are "reprehensible" and soon enough I would be "where I belong, out the doors"

I heard from my boss that she has been scheduling meetings with higher ups about me and my boss doesn't know if it is going to work if this "drama" continues.

I don't know what I should do because, I have done nothing but display the up most respect for her, she is just hellbent on ruining my career at the facility and any other place I try and move to. Is there any action I should be taking right now? I feel like I should retain a lawyer and send a cease and desist letter, because her actions and false claims could be damaging my future.

Any advice would be greatly appreciated.

TL:DR; old boss is hellbent on getting me fired, spreading lies and making my new job a living nightmare.

Edit: for u/commonWerewolf

Firstly, my manager was well aware 2 1/2 years before I left that as soon as I was done with school I would be moving on fairly quickly. She was very supportive at that time and understood because there are a lot of college kids who work in the department while they are in school.

My last full year in school we (my manager, myself, the other afternoon leader, the 2 night time shift leaders and the weekend leaders) sat down to choose another lead. One of the night time people wanted my position which my manager agreed to. We also took applications from department workers to fill the now open night time lead position and filled it a full year before I would be done with school.

My 2 months were approved by HR and then by my manager, we have to have double approval. She said, this was wonderful because she could rotate her new crew in as I HAD been reeling back my duties. The new night time leader was originally on my shift and he had gradually been picking up my work per my managers request to train in the leadership role, which he's excelled at.

My manager knew I hadn't been home in almost 5 years and that I really needed a break because in those 5 years I had a full week off for sickness, and a handful of random days here and there. Most of the time I was at work, didn't have a social life, that's ok I was a grad student didn't really need one. I missed out on a lot of things because I was willing to put in 60+ hours a week.

When I went on my vacation I was not expecting to get a new position but my manager was aware that my application was out and that I could get a call that I could not turn down.

Also, when I did put in my 30 day notice, I did call and I talked with her. I told her I was more than willing to start my 30 days when I returned but was told we already have the replacements inline and that they are working out well so it wasn't necessary to delay my transfer.

I have done everything professionally and by the books. I always conducted myself in the most professional manner I could while improving patient care. We had replacements picked out a whole year before I left. The two who took over are both in school and will be there for an extended period of time because the department works incredibly well with school schedules, that is why I stayed so long.

And yes I said that to my friend because I genuinely didn't care at that point because I had multiple okays from my manager to transfer. So I wasn't so beat up about her being upset after I had the go ahead to leave.

I would love you to respond again because I do agree with what you have to say and any insight is perfectly valid and wanted!
My wife was sexually assaulted. She got pregnant, and the baby could be mine or the rapist's. We decided to keep the baby and raise it as mine. We never want to have a paternity test done on the baby because this could be devastating to her relationship with my wife.

I'm a massive moron, and after my daughter was born, I let slip to my parents that she might not be mine biologically. I tried to backtrack, but my parents kept pushing and pushing until my wife sat them down and explained the situation. They do not believe her. They think she cheated and that she is using me.

Now my parents have approached me about taking a paternity test. They want me to contest paternity and leave my wife. I do not want to. I made a commitment to my wife and daughter and I stand by it. I trust my wife, but my parents don't. They told me that if I refuse, they will go to court and compel me to do a paternity test to absolve me of responsibility for the baby. They want me to leave my wife regardless.

I am planning to cut contact with my parents over this, but is there any way that they can legitimately force me to do a paternity test? Is there something I can do to prevent this or fight them?

We are located in RI.

Edit: The title is supposed to say paternity, not pregnancy. I'm still a moron.
[Previous post here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9eh4tl/got_fired_from_my_job_for_getting_aggressive_with/)

So, to start things off, I got an offer from a company to work in a more senior position of what I did at my last job the other week, and I took it. Getting fired was apparently the best thing to happen to my career, who knew.

With that said, things have gone radio silent with the company's HR since a few days after I made the first post. I've sent a few messages and voicemails since then, but from what the Reps I've been able to contact have said, the situation was raised up to the Regional HR Manager, and only his team is allowed to investigate things.

So, at this point, I've hopped up from my old job into a much better one, but there's still the fact that I had about two months of lost wages made life pretty hard, to say nothing of the fact that I never actually got my final paycheck with the company, adding even more lost funds to the pile.

Given the HR team currently investigating the situation is AWOL, and the representatives I *can* get in contact with are barred from dealing with the situation, should I make a legal push for the lost/unpaid wages incurred? Or at this point should I just accept the &gt;$14k loss?
I had my son in a back carrier, he's 15 months old. I was in the produce section when I feel someone trying to pick him up out of the carrier. 

I swing around and the woman is standing ther. I ask her what the fuck she thinks she's doing, she said that she's just trying to hold him. I told no and fuck off. At this point she kicks me very hard in the leg, so I slapped her as hard as I could and she fell to the ground.

Luckily there were witness who called the police and stuck around when they arrived. The woman was arrested for battery. The police said that I shouldn't worry since I acted in defense of myself and my son, they also made a note that she attempted to take him out of his carrier.

Yesterday I received a letter from a lawyer. The woman wants $10,000 for "damages" and "discrimination" or they will ruin my name and career.

Isn't that extortion? Should I just take the letter down to the station and let them deal with it or do I need a lawyer?
My sister is pregnant and she wants to get an abortion. In our home state (Texas) after talking to an abortion clinic it seems like they require one parent to be notified and consented. Our parents do not know about the pregnancy and will not consent, not in a million years.

So I guess the question is how much of a legal trouble would we be in if I took her to an abortion clinic in New Mexico? Which doesn't seem to require parental consent or notification. There is one less than two hours away, I can take her and being her back the same day, tell our parents that we were hanging at my place or went to a zoo or something.

Ideally they wouldn't ever know about it but let's assume they figure it out somehow, can I (or her) be in any legal trouble here?
So I imagine this scenerio. You have a rude neighbor who you hate. What if you build a fence on your property, so its maybe half a foot or so away from the property line. Are you then allowed to do whatever you want to the side that faces your neighbor? Such as paint it rainbow colors if they hate gay people perhaps. Where can you draw the line?

I'm sure you're not allowed to draw obscene things on there but what if you drew a bunch of scantily clad women with large breasts for your super uptight Christian neighbors? 

Not asking about the morality here, I'm asking about the legality 
Hello again legal advice. This is a follow up to https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9bfpx8/sc_ra_keeps_interrupting_sex_because_im_gay/

I've got good news: the RA has been removed! I went to the residence coordinator and he called someone above him in the housing department, who told us to write down every incident I remember for housing to review, then go to the title 9 coordinator. It took awhile to get through all the paperwork, but the process was a lot less intimidating than I thought it would be.

The RA was fired and given the option of either moving to an empty room in one of the old dorms or moving off campus within 30 days. He chose to move out and stay with his girlfriend after a week, which I didn't realize he had since I've seen other women come into his room but I don't feel like stirring that pot. After I made the report, he stopped banging on the door when my bf was over, but every time he saw me I could feel him staring daggers into me. He also started doing petty stuff like "accidentally" knocking my towel onto the floor of the shower room and leaving it there. He left me an apology letter at one point, but it was definitely not sincere. I could've moved to another dorm temporarily but decided it would be too much work because they gave him a 30 day deadline and he started packing the Tuesday after.

Yesterday the new RA finished moving in, and after talking to him about all that happened I think we're going to get along fine! :)

The residence coordinator said that housing had done all they could do, any further action would be done as a result of the title 9 complaint, which might take several months to complete. And for those wondering, yes it is a public college and there is no no-sex policy (I looked through the housing contract and couldn't find anything except rules against sexual assault and discrimination based on sexual orientation), I should've said that in the original post but it blew up and was locked by the time I saw those comments.

Thanks, legal advice!
Hello, LA. 

About a month ago, I started working at for a large hotel company. I am a night auditor. I work 11pm-7am. I have a fair amount of downtime during my shift. 

However, I do not get rest breaks or a meal period. When I asked my boss about it, she said, "You don't get a lunch." She said this was due to the amount of downtime and the fact that I can eat a bite here or there throughout the night. Practically, this translates to me having to just stand at the desk for the whole shift, with no ability to sit or be off-duty at all.

I was given the meal period waiver during my onboarding and I did not sign it. I have not given my consent to waive my meal period (which only applies to six-hour shifts, anyway).

I don't want to become a "problem," but I am worried about my ability to just stand for eight hours with no relieve. 

Do I have any options or anything here? Or am I just being super entitled and shitty?

Thanks.

I also missed out on the new hire health insurance enrollment period because I did not hear back from my boss or HR about it for my code to the new hire enrollment website, despite the fact that I tried to get this information several times. But I don't know if that's anything.
So a few days ago I made a post on here asking for some advice relating to a woman trying to say she owns my property and attempting to evict us. We have everything figured out now so I figured I'd post a small update.

Crazy Lady has not come back to our house or contacted us in any way. We spoke to city and county officials and have gotten proof of ownership of our property (including the fact that we paid our fucking property tax today) and are beginning to take steps to get a restraining order on the Crazy Lady. 

Thanks for everyone's advice and jokes that really helped when I was stressing out! You're pretty good when you're good, Reddit! 
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/789wcm/public_north_carolina_high_school_says_my_sons/

I want to you all for the help and advice that you gave us. I realized that this, while stupid, is probably within the rights of the school. But that didn't mean there was nothing we could do. A lot of you brought up the idea of a using a wig. Sadly, wigs also weren't allowed except for "legitimate religious, cultural or medical reasons with prior approval."

However, what did surprise me was that there were two girls who were on a green dye for months without a problem. This definitely sounded like gender discrimination. Allowing that dye for girls and not boys. So I went in there to speak with the principal again, I told him that I'm recording the conversation and after speaking about wigs, told him that they're allowing girls to do that but not boys. Principal said this is a matter of judgement because unnatural hair colors doesn't diminish the feminine attributes of women, but unnatural hair colors for men does diminish their masculine attributes. I got it then, that nonsense is all this has been about. They think a long and blue hair on a boy isn't manly enough.

I reminded him that this is gender discrimination and gender is a protected class. He remained silent for more than a minute, I expected him to say it's fine and they'll backtrack but I was shocked when he told me that I'm right, they'll reinforce this requirement for girls too. "It's best to get rid of these unnatural colors from our school."

I hate what I did. The last thing I wanted was to cause trouble for those girls or start a chain of actions that could have ended up with them being forced to change their favorite hairstyles. They were contacted too, and were given the same choice.

Two days later my son came to me and said he's spoken with the girls and they have a solution. They want to dye their hair a very white silverish color. It's naturally occurring because you get it when you get old, and some people are born with it as well. I know the more mature thing would have been to tell him to end this game, but I was a teenager once as well and I was even more stubbern than he is now. So I allowed it.

The school didn't like it. The three of them were called to the principal's office where they argued their case that their hair color is naturally occurring now. They said it's the same color as one of the teachers who is quite old, "are you gonna suspend Mr. X as well over his hair color?"

The principal laughed at them and backed off. It's been a couple of weeks since then and there hasn't been any issues. And this new color looks good on my son. 

Sorry for the grammatical mistakes, I can't type very well now. I'm in CA.

Hello, as the title say, my mom commited suicide about a week ago or so. I've been busy with the funeral/will/life insurance thing and havent been able to open my email.

I did this today and her landlord sent me an email, three days after she died saying that he'll keep the deposit(which I guess is fair) because of the cleaning/painting/fixing the bullet hole, but that he also wants to be reimbursed because the house value will go down after the suicide and that he and the other tenant(my moms roomate) want financial support for emotional damages

He ended the email giving me two weeks to call and negotiate, if not then he'll take to court

I'm gonna be honest, I don't know if I can get into a legal battle right now, I'm barely functioning but the idea of calling and negotiating how much my moms death devaluated the house made me throw up. What should I do?
First, thank you to everyone who responded to the original post. Your help has been invaluable. 

So, at this point, the shit has hit the proverbial fan. 

The doctors did some pretty extensive blood work on Henry upon his admission to the hospital and the results are in: 

Henry **overdosed** on benadryl.  

So its pretty clear this wasn't an accident. There was no bee sting.The daycare loaded this kid up with benadryl, presumably for nap time, in lethal doses for his age/size and he had a reaction that nearly killed him. 

The daycare is mum right now and not talking. Laura is actively looking for a lawyer. 

Last I heard the hospital was sending Henry home as he's out of danger. He's recovering, but it'll be slow and painful. 

Tldr: they done fucked up. 
This sounds ridiculous. It *is* ridiculous. 

I'll start off by saying I'm a cis gender female. My ex is also a cis gender female. We separated about two months ago. State law says we can't even begin file for divorce until next July. She texted me today to tell me that she's 6 weeks pregnant. She's due in like June. We will still be married when her baby arrives.

I know from a friend's past experience that the mother's spouse's name automatically goes on the birth certificate here, whether he's actually the father or not, as long as they're still married on paper. My friend had to go through a paternity test to prove the baby wasn't his, and his lawyer said if the baby's real dad didn't step up that he might still be on the hook for child support. Because apparently the state doesn't care who the baby's actual dad is, as long as there's a second party to financially look after the kid. Luckily, in my buddy's case, the baby's father went through the process to be recognized as the real dad so my friend could be removed from the birth certificate. My ex says she doesn't know who the dad is. So basically, I think I'm screwed. 

There is no way in hell this child is mine, but I can't divorce my ex in time to avoid it defaulting to me.. I'm meeting with my lawyer on Tuesday but like, really, this can't happen right? I feel like common sense says it isn't my baby so I shouldn't be responsible but the laws (as I know them) say otherwise. I guess the advice I want is what to realistically expect? Are there other cases like this? Or am I boned and doomed to play mommy #2 to a kid that isn't mine?
In a not so exciting turn of events, I sent a letter to the store and explained the situation and requested a reimbursement. The store manager called me that afternoon and apologized and offered a full refund. Put down the pitch forks because they were very nice and understanding of the situation and wanted to help. More than anything I want to make sure that this doesn't happen to future customers and recommended to put signs up on the inside of the store in areas that this has previously happened. 
https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8zaehq/blind_furry_sexually_harassing_me_at_work_fl/

Sorry for another update so soon, not good news. I'm an idiot. 

Last night I called one of the numbers provided to me and spoke to one of the employee assistance people, who assured me that they'd get back to me.

I had a short shift this morning, and he came in right at the start, which he often does. I bought a mini spiral notebook at the dollar store and recorded the time and exactly what he said/did as someone told me to do a few minutes after he left when there was a lull in people coming in, and my manager came and saw and asked me what I was doing. He didn't press me or anything but I was dumb and told him what was happening and that I was just recording it "just in case" (again I've already told him about that customer and he basically ignored the problem and told me to do that too). He didn't comment on it at the time beyond saying "Oh".

I woke up from a nap less than an hour ago and just checked my texts and he sent me a text telling me not to come into work tomorrow and that my services wouldn't be needed anymore. I'm freaking the hell out. I won't be able to find another part-time job that fits my schedule, I won't be able to move out of this fucking town. I feel like I'm going to puke. I'm so pissed at that dude and my manager and myself for not doing the notebook later. 

I was told to edit this to formally add a question or I wouldn't receive advice? I mean, just what's the best thing to do from here. Thought it was obvious I meant that, sorry. Thanks.

Many people are now convinced that he had some sort of drug overdose and that he's a drug addict and alcoholic, instead of the diagnosed diabetic seizure he truly had. One of his other (late 20s M) coworkers, fortunately, used to be a nurse and knew what to do and assisted him immediately (actually saved his life) 
However, His friends, family, other coworkers, and especially mangers all saw the pictures and videos and my friend is livid that someone would do this to him. He brought it up to his manager and they told him they would look into it, but he hasn't seen or heard of any reprimand toward the offensive coworker.
Does he have any legal recourse?
I will be using a throwaway for this due to privacy concerns.

My sister is overweight, weighing in at nearly 400 pounds. It is a very embarrassing thing for her, and it's always been a struggle to help her shed weight. Her endo has diagnosed her with severe thyroid problems along with hormonal imbalances that have been difficult to treat even with various medications. So a part of her current weight loss regiment is to exercise at a gym as recommended by her GP and her endocrinologist. She has enrolled at (x) Gym a few weeks ago.

Right away, she has claimed that she has had run-ins with a group of catty women. My sister has depression and anxiety, formed partly due to intense bullying from classmates and co-workers as well as abuse from our parents. So she tends to get overly nervous and makes mistakes. So my sister began to misuse the equipment accidentally, and the women tear into her in a very mean way. My sister apologizes but these women report her to the gym who reprimand my sister.

So for many days, my sister was being belittled and insulted by this group. They continued to report her and make her feel bad. Still she tried to ignore it because her health depended on this. One day, my sister got filmed struggling with the equipment and she slipped on the mat, falling on her butt. This was posted online and got passed around the gym and outside of it. She found out way later, and this hurt her. When she reported this to the gym, the manager said he would speak to the women. Days later, she asked the manager if he spoke to them, and he asked who my sister was (basically he forgot).

My sister wrote a complaint to the higher ups at the gym. She received a response stating that there was nothing they could do about her being filmed, as it was a public space. Three days after this, she received a notice stating her membership at the gym was cancelled. Despite this, she was charged the renewal fee. I stepped in and called them, demanding a refund on my sister's behalf. The gym told me that it was her responsibility to cancel the membership herself, I told them that *they* were the ones who cancelled on her. Basically the conversation went in circles.

Now what can I do? I have a feeling that there's not much I can do legally but I am hoping something can be done. My sister does not want to go to the media because she feels embarrassed and is afraid of being in front of a camera, also of the video online gaining more visibility. Can I take them to court? If so, for what charges? Can I legally compel them to give my sister the refund?
LOCATION: OHIO

Hello,

I am writing this on behalf of my friend and co-worker who is fully aware I am posting this.  Below is a description of the situation, taken and edited for privacy, from a post he made alerting his friends and family of what has happened.

&gt;My husband and I were recently paid a visit last month by someone claiming to own our home. "I'm sorry..this is going to sound really crazy and I know you have lived here a long time, but I own this house." Which just happens to be the home we purchased 8 years ago and where our family have been living and paying our mortgage. I immediately asked him to leave our property and contacted our local police department while he angrily began taking pictures of our house and vehicle in the driveway. To my surprise when I searched our county auditor's web page, there were indeed two transfers made in July of this year. We were never made aware of or signed any transfer of ownership. When I contacted our mortgage company to whom we make payments, they were not aware of any title changes either but they did make it clear that we are still responsible to make all of our mortgage payments.  
&gt;  
&gt;We made a trip to our county records department but no one could answer how our home was seemingly purchased right out from under us and the deeds transferred without us or the mortgage bank being involved. The department head and supervisor at the records department were just as baffled as we were.  The previous owner who sold us the home is deceased and the original lender is no longer in business. We then received legal council and filed a police report last month due to multiple very aggressive attempts to gain access to our home by a man claiming to represent the "current owners."  Apparently, our house should never have been sold to us and has recently been sold right out from underneath us. We were advised to submit a title insurance claim and begin preparations to move.  
&gt;  
&gt;We found out that there was a case that involved our house and the “Detroit Fire and Police Pension property scam” out of Michigan. That case opened in 2008 and the final judgement was made 4 years later. We purchased our home using a “Survivorship Warranty Deed” with what we assumed was a clean title, but we were wrong.   We have requested that the corporation evict our family and not return to our home again.  Fortunately, no one has returned since.  We were alarmed when the supposed "new owners" received their first piece of mail at our residence which happened to be a water bill. They have made yet another transfer WITHOUT NOTICE.  I got in contact with the water company only to get an apologetic, "I am sorry Mrs. #####., Only the owners can change it back and we can not give you any balance or account information."

While they have sought legal counsel, they are desperately seeking any additional information they can get regarding this situation.  Everyone they speak with seems baffled by what has happened.   I will run all questions through him before responding for complete accuracy.
I moved into an apartment complex last year. The lease said all utilities were included, listing them out. I was to pay a flat fee monthly to the landlord for these. No issue with heat, electric, or water. Internet and DirectTV were also included. 

Turns out the landlord company made a change in the direct TV account, and it started accruing late fees. I was then made aware they had signed up for DirectTV under my name without my consent. So although I pay them monthly, because of a clerical error, it would appear that I didn't pay directtv. 

I am now on the line for my credit getting ruined, and having to pay the late fees. I paid my landlord on time, every month for their utilities fee. 

Now it turns out the Landlord owns another company, which is an ISP and a DirectTV MDU dealer. So it appears that they pull people in with "all utilities", sign tenants up for direct TV, make commission off the 30+ apartments they own monthly - all without tenants consent. They're double dipping, and I'm left with the bill.

I have no idea how to fight this. Landlords told me shove it. Can't find any info on my local county's website about who to call. The financial NYS fraud website doesn't have an option for reporting this kind of stuff. 

Could use some help here...

Sincerely, 

little guy getting fucked by big guy. 

**edit:**

Called direct tv corporate. Also told me to shove it. Operator kept repeating "Go to the system operator (The MDU Dealer)". I'd explain that the MDU is who i'm accusing, and they just ignored and kept repeating "Go to the system operator." WTH... There's no way to report to DirecTV

**edit2**

* I moved out of the apartment with my lease ending a while ago
* This was the only utility in my name that I know of
* Landlord = company, not a single person. They also have a stake in the ISP/ DirecTV MDU

A few of my friends (not anymore) thought it would be funny to report me to the police as a suicide risk. I was out with them on Friday night and we had a few drinks. After I left for home, apparently they decided to call the police in turns (maybe 6 or 7 calls) each telling them that I was very suicidal that night and I had repeatedly told them that I was considering suicide and that I also own a gun. They lied about me being cheated on by a girlfriend earlier this week. I don't have a girlfriend.

Anyway, that night police showed up and I was drunk. Obviously at the time I didn't know what was going on. The police asked me several questions and I answered them, but I was also very sleepy. Police told me that I need to be checked by a medical professional and they're waiting for the ambulance to arrive. I was checked by the EMS and asked to go to a hospital with them for further tests to ensure that I was fine. At the hospital they wanted to perform blood and urine tests which I refused to consent to. I was told that I'm not allowed to leave until I am assessed by a social worker in the morning. This left me so frustrated and in the morning I was a little agitated by all of these when I did speak with the social worker, who then recommended that I'll be taken psych ward for further examination and ensuring that I was not a danger to myself and others. Up until this point I had no idea that my friends had reported me for this. The social worker said this decision is made based on the testimony of multiple people who know me personally who were concerned for my well-being and they can't take these signs lightly.

To make it short, things were cleared up at the psych ward (although very slowly) and I was let go on Monday morning in time to make it to work without being significantly late.

My friends (not anymore) had bragged on Facebook about how they've made me committed and were praising their skills of deception and pranking. Luckily, another friend noticed these and took screenshots.

Assuming I go to the police with these, are they facing any legal consequences?

Location: New York
Went into a thrift store and saw a sign that said check bags in at front. Mistakenly I put it next to the front desk with my friends backpack. I browsed for 15 minutes and when I came back I asked where my $120 work backpack was and they told me they sold it. They were rude and blaming me and I searched around town for an hour looking for it. After coming back in they told me it wasn’t the first time it’s happened and then I posted to a public Facebook forum where more locals told me about how it’s happened before. They only offered me a backpack from the backpack section downstairs however none were even close to suitable for my needs for work. Is it completely my fault or is there a way I can ask for compensation?

Edit: I am going to request compensation via written email and see where it goes from there. I want to trust the employees as it’s a non-profit volunteer based location. 
I’m apart of an airsoft team. We participate in military simulation and similar events. 4 of us were practicing clearing rooms — at my own external tornado shelter, which is on the opposite side of the house as this neighbor. 

This is in Illinois 

We all wear camouflage masks, tacvests, pants kneepads and etc. 

We set up BB mesh to catch stray BBs. We practiced the clearing, and used extremely small single explosive firecrackers as grenades (which are commonly used in local airsoft fields) 

The 6 year old APPARENTLY heard the firecrackers, came around the front of our house and onto our side yard, at first didn’t see us, and then saw us come out of the tornado shelter and was traumatized.

We never saw the 6 year old. 

The mother came to me (property owner) a day later, said that the police were called by the 6 year old, apparently the 6 year old thought we were murderers, and demanded we pay for his mental health treatment. I refused. 

The child looked perfectly fine playing outside, but the mom repeatedly got in my face over it. I also never saw the police that were apparently called. 

She’s threatening to take legal action now, and has thrown unknown chemicals on our property over the fence that have killed our grass. What do we do? 
So I put up a bunch of cameras around my property and hung up a “Smile! You’re On Camera!” sign right after my first post. I also lit up the ramp some more, which I was already planning on doing because of trick-or-treaters.

I’m excited to say my neighbor’s husband personally came over to apologize to me, which I caught on camera. He claimed his wife is “stressed” over their new baby, which…okay…and promised not to bother us anymore. I suspect one of the neighbors I talked to read him the riot act. I accepted the apology but am keeping the number of a lawyer close by and the cameras are always rolling. Dislike being so paranoid but what are you going to do?

EDIT: Previous post!

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9q58k8/neighbor_threatening_to_sue_over_wheelchair_ramp/
I work for UPS and I’m told it’s just normal and to go about my business. Well, it’s been nearly 150 days in the last 3 years that I’ve dealt with this woman. Nearly every single time I go there, she is nearly nude or entirely nude. 

I’ve started to wonder if she even buys stuff to use it or to get us to come out to her house (common: people get lonely). Either way, I don’t want press any sort of charges or embarrass her. I just want it to stop. 

My route is set in stone so I’m stuck with her but I thought I’d come here and see what my options are, if any. It’s starting to feel like sexual harassment. (Yes, I’ve let my HR know). 

Also, I made the mistake of letting it flatter me at first which probably encouraged her. But now I just try to avoid all eye contact and get back to my car as quick as possible. I’m an idiot, I know. 

Edit: many of you are PMing me saying “so, this is solved simply cus someone said to call police?”  No, it was a lot of things that helped me solve this case. I was only hijacking a comment to say solved so mods would see it easier (idk if “solved” automatically flairs the post or not. Apologies, and thanks to all of you who gave me legitimate possible courses of action. 
Hi everyone, 
My title pretty much explains my situation. FYI I’m in Australia if that helps at all 

I was the victim of an aggravated burglary a few months ago, and being home alone now causes me a great deal of distress. the person came into my bedroom and turned my light on. I was there in my bedroom when this happened, it was 2am and they were holding a crowbar- definitely not what you want to wake up too. Because of this I’ve also been suffering a great deal from lack of sleep and overall just feel nervous and scared a lot of the time 

I was talking to my friend about the fact I was a still nervous about being home alone. He said to me he had this table leg he found in hard rubbish and kept it because is was shaped like a baseball bat. He said I could have it to keep by my bed to feel safer. I picked it up from his house, it didn’t fit properly in my bag so it poked out. It looked like a wooden baseball bat 

As I was walking home an older woman yelled at me and said she was calling crime stoppers because I was carrying a weapon. She also took pictures. This happened in broad daylight, around 4pm 

I completely understand it wasn’t clever of me at all to be carrying it around as it looks very suspicious. Can I get into any trouble because of this? 

EDIT: I just wanted to say a big thank you to everyone who responded to me or sent me a message. I was feeling so anxious (possibly a bit irrationally) about the whole situation. I haven’t been contacted by the police so I’m really happy. 

Thank you so much for easing my anxiety and giving me tips on what to do if I do get contacted. I’ll let you know if there are any updates :) 
I purchased a car 6 DAYS AGO, I've been waiting for years to buy and I've loved it so far, until this morning. The auto group that sold it to me called me and explained to me on Friday that they had accidentally given the repo company the wrong vin. 
         
Same car, wrong vin. So I've been parking it in the  back where hopefully the tow truck would be too big to fit in the tight space but I guess they pulled it off cause now my baby has disappeared.

  Where do I start off? I'm pretty livid that this happened 3 days after he said he tried to contact them.

[UPDATE 1] The General Manager just called and asked if they seriously came and took it after they left a ton of messages to the Tow company to not to take the car. He said whatever is wrong with it will be made right and he quickly got off the phone to jump someone's ass about the situation. Let's see how this goes.

[Update 2] I'm considering asking for my money back from the car, the warranty I purchased, my first months car insurance, and for them to pay for a rental while I find my replacement. They royally screwed up and I don't want to deal with the headache of them having to fix the car and it possibly never being the way it was.

Edit: Just to add the car in question is a 2011 Cadillac CTS-V coupe. So hopefully my worries about it being damaged heavily are more easily recognizable.

EDIT 3: Called the police and they told me it's a civil issue (go figure) and I talked with my attorney. He told me I have grounds for a full refund but I should have the car professionally inspected by a reputable Cadillac dealership and find out the damage and how much to make it right first and make a decision there. He says it's complicated for who is to blame because of the scenario. I'm going to contact another Police department and see if I can get an official report and call the repo company and inform them of the mistake just in case the dealership hasn't. The last contact with the dealership was over 3 hours ago. Still with no news to the whereabouts of my car. I had to find it myself.

[BIG UPDATE] after contacting the Tow yard they told me the dealership never paid for the car or after they got it from auction, so there was still a lein on the car so I basically bought a stolen car from the auction. I cannot deal with them after this. This is the shadiest thing I've ever been a part of and I'm dumbfounded I've found myself here. 

[Another EDIT] so they're trying to work with the finance company to get my car taken care of but it turns out my car wasn't the only one affected. This is happening to multiple cars all purchased through this company and I'm not going down without a fight. I'm getting out if this deal, it's way too hot for me.

[Update 6] dealer says they had bought the car on a "floor plan" which he explained is how they use the bank to buy a few cars from auction all at once. They closed this and paid the bank but the lein still exists until its sold and the automated system didn't pick it up that the car had sold and only saw a title transfer so it assumed I had taken it and just retagged it as mine. The dealer has offered me a loaner and says the car will be back tomorrow. He told me they could refund the deal if it really comes down to it but I would lose the money I spent paying taxes on it which is understandable. I'm gonna have the car professionally inspected and see if there's any damage and I'll decide then on how I want to proceed. This has been a roller coaster today.

[Edit thoughts] they say the car will be back tomorrow and I can use a loaner for however long but after finding it's been through auction I'm not sure on trust the car itself. I'm sitting on a spiky fence of letting my dream car go back and getting  my money back and finding another or just making the dealer fix the car. I feel like this is going to be a long road for me. I've missed a day of work and haven't come any closer to finding my car. I miss it so much
I posted a while ago about a business in town claiming I was running a cartel.
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7a3xi4/apparently_im_running_an_art_cartel/


I figure I owe a follow up to all the crazy that has happened, even though most of it is social small town drama and not "legal".  Still, it's been an insane month.  For ease, I'm just going to refer to both people and places as Gallery A, Gallery B and Gallery C.  (Also I got a lot of guesses as to my shop and town. Also I got a lot of guesses as to where I live. At least one was correct but I'm not going to verify because I don't want John harassed.)

Coming off of the first post I made, John was continuing to make weird statements online.  I had a few people who are friends with him agreeing to take screenshots.  In one, he was petitioning for funds to bring a lawsuit against The Three Banditos.  Someone asked what his proof was that we were hurting his business, and he posted a weird combination of google pictures of our storefronts, an ad for one of our events, and a listing in an old ad for downtown businesses that was printed a year before he went into business.  He also linked to a several year old interview from Gallery A about supporting high school artists.

I had my meeting scheduled with my lawyer on Tuesday Nov 7th, but he called on Monday.  When I answered the phone he joked "I'm really disappointed in what a terrible art cartel you're running."  It turns out my lawyer's secretary had been at the coffee shop when John was trying to get money and kept a copy of the list of grievances.  When I arrived for the meeting on Tuesday, my lawyer had a downright sassy letter ready to go for John which told him that any future threats would be taken seriously and then helpfully referred him to the definitions of a cartel.

For a few days, nothing.  Then my lawyer, I and the other galleries all get a copy of John's list of grievances in the mail.  This was the first I read it, but essentially pinpoints me as the head of the art cartel based on the fact that I was the one to sign the contract for the advertising page we took out in the local tourist book.  He also points out we have similar hours of operation we established without consulting him.  (A note about this.  We don't have the exact hours.  We just all are open similar times to the other businesses and restaurants around us because of traffic flow).

He also claims Gallery A is committing fraud as they show original pieces but also sell framed prints of the same work at more reasonable prices.  A new addition was the commentary that I (me, personally) had conspired with an ice cream place near him and told them to reduce their hours for the winter in order to hurt his traffic.  (The fact that they always reduce hours because ice cream doesn't sell in winter apparently wasn't it). There were a few other points, but those were the most bizarre.

My lawyer CC'd me on a letter that can be summed up "Seriously, knock it off," and told him he was banned from my shop.

On Veteran's day, I got a call from the high school art teacher.  She told me that John had called her and told her not to work with local galleries anymore.  He said that if she ceased working with us that he would give her brochures for "legitimate" art schools for her students.  When she said she planned to continue working with us, John said that she was leading her students to poor practices.  She contacted me afraid that there would be issue with her students.  I said I didn't foresee any issue, but thanked her for her information.  I said if it escalated, I'd ask her to speak to my lawyer.

A few days later, I get a screenshot of John's Facebook page that has listed "the Three Banditos are at it again".  It links to two upcoming events we were advertising for the holiday crowd.  It also included a fantastic photoshop collage of myself, the other gallery owners and a local jeweler, each wearing a black cowboy hat and bandana.  Later that day the jeweler called to jokingly ask me if there was an initiation process to join the Banditos.  We have no idea why he is included, he wasn't part of the promotion John linked.

I found out at this point that John previously attacked a Paint and Sip that's run by a local business on the local tourist Facebook page.  He posted a pic of one of their previous group photos with "This is not art" written across it. He pulled it after several people pointed out his high end gallery shouldn't feel threatened by a paint and sip.  But before he did Gallery C responded by posting Magritte's Treachery of Images, which is so funny in so many levels.

Then things escalated again.  On Nov 13th, John posted a pic on Facebook of Gallery B, which is located on a corner, with sidewalks only on one side.  He pointed out that if someone were to take the corner too quickly, they would crash into the building.  Then asked people to do the "right thing" and drink and drive around the block a few times.  It turns out Gallery B and John are in the same professional organization, and they look poorly on threats.  Gallery B sent screenshots as well as a copy of John's list of grievances and John was put on probation with the organization pending review.

The next morning, John is outside my shop screaming that he knows what I did and that I have spies.  He didn't enter the premises and left when I threatened to call police, but I did get video of him on my phone.  The same day he removed anyone local from his Facebook.  That afternoon, John apparently went to a local restaurant and hassled the owner for details about what we are doing to ruin his business.  The restaurant eventually threw him out, but up until then the owner hadn't heard any of this, so he called me to ask what the heck this was about.

Nov 16th, I was opening shop when a friend sends me a picture of John in handcuffs.  We rent advertising space at a historic site where local information is kept.  John was found vandalizing our poster, its frame, and the acrylic cover.  He did this during the day when employees were around, no clue how he thought he would get away with it.  He got a fine for his troubles, but it got more gossip out there.  Turns out I wasn't the first threatened with lawsuits in the community.  I passed this onto my lawyer.

The weekend before Thanksgiving, there was a meeting of the group that handles the downtown events, projects etc.  Most shops are fairly active with the group and the meetings are open to the public.  As far as I know John has never attended a meeting until this one.  They were discussing the finalization of Christmas tree lighting and Christmas events when a John asked for time to speak.  He handed out this paper to everyone present which had a summary of his financials at his old, city gallery and a summary of his financials at his new gallery.  Then he apparently said "I think we all know whose fault it is that theres a difference.  I'm not naming names."  Then he glared at everyone until they got him to leave the podium.

I was given a copy of this by someone who attended the meeting.  John isn't doing well financially. I turned it over to my lawyer.

The day before Thanksgiving there was a notice posted on the community bulletin board.  It stated that there is a conspiracy in town to put new businesses down.  It then refers to "certain individuals" and "certain unnamed shops", and has several of the same bullet points as John's list of grievances.  It also says those certain individuals have paid off all local lawyers from representing the person who put up the poster.  This notice was removed from the bulletin board as everything posted there needs prior approval.  Gallery C happened to hear about it and fished it out of the trash.  We turned it over to my lawyer.

I had hoped things would de escalate now that I was downgraded from Bandito to the Nameless One, but no such luck.  That Saturday, the 25th, we hosted an event with refreshments.  The way this works is that we sell admission and you get a wristband and go from participating shops and galleries for food.  John did not participate, as usual.

At some point during the afternoon, two of the participants went into John's shop.  When he saw the wristbands, he went into the back and came out with a scissors.  He told them to be in his gallery, they had to cut the wristbands off.  When they refused, he grabbed at the woman's hand still holding the scissors, and was yelling.  The two left the gallery and reported it to a police officer.  Their next stop was Gallery B, where they told this story.  My lawyer has been unable to get verification for this incident from police.  (This is also, as far as I know, the last time the gallery was open.)

The next day, Sunday, I got a visitor in my shop who was acting weird.  He was asking my employee detailed questions about the business:  where did we get our artwork, what did we pay, how much was rent.  When I overheard this I came over and realized the guy bore a striking resemblance to John, only younger.  Let's call him John Jr.  I introduced myself and he asked me if I had any upcoming promotions.  In response, I handed him a copy of the monthly booklet the town puts out, which has basically everything happening in the area, including our events.  John Jr looked surprised, and asked me where else he could get this booklet.  I gave him a list of places offhand.  He then asked me if everywhere got the same copy.  I said they did and it was also available online.  I was really hestitant that I was giving John information , but figured by only giving easily found public info, I was ok.

John Jr left, but I found out he went to a coffee shop and asked if they had a copy of the booklet and asked a ton of questions about it and my shop.

Gallery C contacted me last Monday to let me know that John had gotten into a heated argument with a man matching John Jr's description on the sidewalk near Gallery C.  John Jr had left and driven away.

By last Wednesday, John had a sign on the door of his gallery stating it would be closed any day there is a planned downtown event listed online.  As there's something happening nearly every day for the holidays, this would mean he will be closed essentially all of December.

The next day, Gallery C got a letter from John.  It told him to stop walking by the front of John's store, and claims to have "hours of footage" of him passing by.  He then threatened to sue Gallery C for using the public sidewalk. (Gallery C and John are on the same street and Gallery C needs to use the parking lot past John's store, so he does pass by twice a day.). At this point, Gallery C decided to retain my lawyer.  He was told to cross the street instead of passing directly in front of John's gallery for the time being, but our lawyer also sent a response letter.  Gallery C informed me of this after their meeting.

At this point, I also found out through the grape vine that John had attempted to hire my lawyer some weeks prior in order to sue me, only to be told it would be a conflict of interest.

John responded by sending our lawyer a rambling, multi page letter that had some elements of his list of grievances and other additions.  While it probably was in response to Gallery C, most of it was directed at me, so my lawyer showed it to me.  it was mostly insulting my business and saying I purposefully am putting him out of business.  It also includes that John attempted to get this put in the local newspaper some weeks prior, but they turned him down.  We are trying to get verification of this.  My lawyer basically says if John does anything else, he is bringing the hammer down on him, and sent a letter to this effect.

At dinner, I heard a rumor John is behind on his rent and the landlord is planning evictions after the holidays.  Because his gallery has been closed, I haven't seen John since Thanksgiving weekend.

Gallery B sent a Christmas card with a cropped pic of himself in a black hat and bandana from John's Facebook, framed in a wreath.  He wants us to take a group photo in black cowboy hats and bandanas for next year's local business review.  I'm debating it.
Here are the first two https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8b9prp/a_mother_trying_to_control_her_sons_alone_time https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8brtfc/i_told_my_math_teacher_about_my_mother_and_she

Ive gotten a jillion messages from people offering everything from adoption to food to asking for updates so I thought I would tell you guys what ended up happening.the messages are still coming even now lol. I asked the people I am with if it was ok and they said yes but they made me let them read it first. It was kinda embarrassing but its ok. I kind of owe you all haha... 

My mother was charged with several things and is in jail but I dont think they actually put her in for the crimes yet. Like she's waiting on the police to get evidence I think. As many of you guys thought the only people in my family allowed school was my brother and me. My second brother was 2 so I dont know if she would have let them put him in school. My sisters had to stay home. This wasnt weird to me because it was an all boys school. 

They said I will never go back to my mom again and my siblings won't either. They also said what we were in was a cult. We were all in one big apartment building kind of thing. They said they weren't sure the cult itself was illegal. Just that some of the other stuff happening was. Drugs and that some of the stuff was probably sexual assault but I can't talk about it very much. Multiple people are in jail for it. Lots of people left and I think theyre looking closely at the pastor.

So its ok. Thank you all. I dont know if all 8 of us will stay together but we are safe now. Its weird but in a good way. I dont think I'll have any more updated for a long time but I'll try if anything happens that seems like a good idea. I've been on reddit more but on a different account so thats why I haven't posted much. Thank you all again.
As my kids are about to go back to school, we decided to have a fun weekend. I took both my kids and one friend each to a Mariners game this weekend. While there, we had cokes, hot dogs, garlic fries, peanuts, and burgers before the game. All basic baseball game junk food. I am always shocked at how much it costs but we had fun so I didn't mind. Last night, my son's friend's mom called us and started screaming on the phone that we allowed her son to eat meat. She said her son is a strict vegetarian and that is how they have brought him up and that we had no right to give him food that she doesn't allow. I know the boy pretty well as he's basically got free rein of the house since they've been friends for years. When he spends time with us, there have always been veggie options for him, but for a while now, he has decided to eat meat with the rest of us. He's 15 years old, and I figured he can choose to eat whatever he wants when he's in our home. I don't care. But according to her, I should have refused to let him eat meat at the game and bought him something else. She didn't seem to be aware that he's been eating meat at our house for about a year. She said she's going to file a complaint with CPS for child endangerment and interference with parental rights Monday morning. I always thought her elevator didn't make it quite to the top floor, but this seems completely bonkers to me. Do I have anything to worry about here?
On a near daily basis, my daughter (age 7) is getting groped by a boy at school.  She says he typically does it when the class is lining up and when the teacher is not looking, or at recess.  So far he has touched her butt, her chest, and proclaimed "we should have sex."

We talked with the teacher, who said she would "keep an eye on things" to try and eliminate the opportunity for it to occur.  This has not helped.  We escalated to the principal, who was kind but essentially said it was up to my daughter to cause a scene and yell and scream to bring attention to the issue whenever it happens to try and deter it, but my daughter does not want to do this because she finds the situation embarrassing and doesn't want the attention.  Not to mention, it's not actually addressing the issue.

The principal said that they "have a plan in place, but the plan will only work if all parties are on board."  The read between the lines comment was: "the boy's parents are not taking the issue seriously."  The principal immediately knew who the boy was, and in talking with other parents at least one other girl in the class is having a similar issue of unwanted touching.

We are really fed up that the situation is allowed to keep occurring and that our daughter does not feel safe.  It shouldn't be up to my daughter to "cause a scene" when it happens.  What obligation (if any) does the school have to try and correct this issue?
I had one genital wart removed and my insurance covered it fully. Later my doctor kept pushing for a skin biopsy on my chest that was completely irrelevant to my genital wart. 
I finally agreed and signed the paper after he told me how risky it could be for cancer. He performed the procedure but the nurse forgot to verify that the insurance is covering it. I understand I need to pay because I signed paperwork saying I'd be responsible if my insurance didn't pay. 

However he called my mother introducing himself as the doctor who treated my genital warts. Then he goes on to tell her he needs a few thousand dollars for the procedure. 

Is that even legal? I thought he wasn't allowed to reveal another condition unless it comes down to the insurance not paying. 

I literally told the doctor my family couldn't know about the wart and he tried to use it against me to scare me and my mom into paying immediately. My insurance kicked me off for doing so many unnecessary procedures with this guy. He would convince me everything could potentially be cancerous. 

I understand it's my fault for not doing my research and being gullible so I'll have to pay for that. However I'm pretty upset he had to tell my mom about my STI condition when there was no issue with the billing. He was paid and it was done over a year ago. It was completely irrelevant to his call to collect. He called to collect from a skin biopsy of a mole on my chest. 

I'm so frustrated because now my family thinks I'm a guy living with aids and I sleep with dirty hookers. 

Was that even legal of him to do?
So I figured it would be appropriate to do a follow-up post, since my original message had so much support and love. 

Original post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7er15w/theyre_taking_my_child/). 

I haven't heard from my kid since the service for my wife. 

I spoke with my family attorney, and he said that the state of Kentucky passed laws a few years ago that essentially reinforce the concept that the step-parent has no laws, rules, policies, or anything at all in the family dynamic. So, I'm fucked. 

We've tried to be amicable to the father. I've called, texted, no answer and no response. He came by the day after the service to get her school bag, a pair of shoes, and a doll her mother got her. And since that point, no contact. I'm going to keep trying, reaching out to the various family members on his side trying to get him to even pick up the phone, let alone talk to me. 

As for the legacy of my wife, I'm taking what remains of the life insurance policy after the payout for the service, and putting it into my kid's college account. Anything left in my wife's checking account is going to a custodial account for my kid, so that when she turns 16/17 and starts looking at a car, she has a down-payment for something that's safe. 

And then we just endure. 

Thanks to everyone that gave me a sense of hope, your well wishes, and any attempts at trying to help me through this horrible time. 
[Previous Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5r4lco/washington_state_neighbor_is_currently_video/)

So a ton has happened since I last posted. I had mentioned in the comments that my neighbor had been basically using sound terrorism to harass us. I began a writing in a log of each event that occurred, with the time, the date, the description, if I called the police (I did for almost every one), and it began to show an alarming pattern—he was playing sounds at random times of the night every single night. After each major event of sounds, I would drop off a written statement to my local police station for the code enforcement officer. The city was now looking at charging him for noise violations based on my complaints.

I took my three page log and copies of seven signed statements and finally had enough of the police taking their time to work on the case against my neighbor. I dropped $95 on paperwork to begin an anti-harassment order against my neighbor. I made sure to explicitly mention the camera pointed in my bedroom window and the ongoing noises.

He was served the temporary order that very day by the local police, and sure enough, the noises ramped up. Before our court date to discuss the anti-harassment order, we were subpoenaed to be witnesses for the noise violation. We also brought the former owner of the home as well as the person who lived on the other side of my neighbor as witnesses to his noise-making capabilities. My neighbor never showed to the court date, and at that point had $1,250 pending in tickets. His lawyer showed up an hour late and the judge graciously accepted his plea to move the date a month forward. Disappointment.

Then the date for the anti-harassment order came. Once again, my neighbor didn't show and his lawyer begged for more time to look over the case. The judge was just and said that everyone has a right to defend their first amendment rights, so he moved the court date for a month later as well. Disappointment number two.

The noises are continuing on the regular at this point and we are trying to record them as best as we can on our phones. It was really hard to do because the noises were short, and happened at random in the middle of the night.

The date for the second anti-harassment hearing arrived and finally, we saw our neighbor come through the courtroom and sit in the back. When it was our turn to explain the situation, we made sure to present our call log, our statements, and videos that we had as evidence against our neighbor. Our neighbor's lawyer tried to get us to give up the call log because he mentioned he was not aware of it before our court date. The judge basically told the lawyer to go fuck himself. The lawyer's only defense for my neighbor was that he worked long hours and couldn't possibly be awake in the middle of the night to terrorize us, and that conversely, WE were the ones making the noises. We then brought up the fact that our neighbor had a security camera pointed directly at our home, and he should have plenty of evidence to prove we were indeed the noisemakers. The judge very confidently approved our anti-harassment order stating no more noises, no more cameras in our windows or at us in general, and our neighbor is not allowed within 25 feet of us. He immediately moved the camera pointing in our bedroom window to being completely flush with the side of the house. Awesome!

This was great news. We finally achieved some peace! And then the date for the noise violation trial came. Just his lawyer showed up, and made a deal with the city lawyer that one ticket would be paid, in exchange for no appeal to our anti-harassment order and to throw out two tickets. It sucked, but they took the deal. Whatever.

And all seemed well.

Then, about a month after the anti-harassment order kicked in, the noises began, again. And the camera began to slowly point into our garage, back in the direction toward the bedroom window.

This time, the police noticed something more alarming.

A red light was going off in the tinted window directly below the camera on the outside of my neighbor's house. They shone their flashlight and spotted a lens. My neighbor had a camera inside his window pointed at my bedroom window the ENTIRE TIME the order was in place, and long before that.

The officers told us to stay quiet, don't be alarmed, but they now were actively seeking a search warrant for the property to seize any noise making equipment and to take down the cameras, as he had broken the order.

The next weekend, my neighbor was arrested and we got to sit outside on the front porch while they disassembled the cameras and seized speaker after speaker, megaphones, etc. from my neighbor's home. They said he had four foot of insulation surrounding the room with the camera, and the front door of the home was completely barred shut.

Unfortunately, they just seized the equipment and will eventually give it back. My neighbor was out of jail the next day, and since they didn't have a search warrant for his hard drives, they couldn't place any voyeurism charges, despite my insistence. They even mentioned they saw me and my husband on a laptop of his.

I'm just happy that the noises have stopped and as far as I know, no more hidden cameras. I'm just glad I could update this crazy situation for you guys. I'm sure I'm not out of the woods yet.

TL;DR: got an anti-harassment order and cameras were supposed to come down, neighbor was a creep and had a hidden camera for a month while the order was in place, probably longer. He got arrested and no more cameras.
Location - Georgia.

To make things easier, assume my name is "Dan Harris". There is another "Dan Harris" who lives in my general area. He got in a car wreck and was seen by the hospital who then sent me a bill.

To make it perfectly clear - I was not in a car accident nor seen by this hospital.

Because his car accident required xrays, the hospital shared my (the wrong persons) information with this third party radiology group.

The hospital has fixed the mistake and is no longer coming after me for payments, but the radiology group is refusing to fix it saying that the information they have is correct and I am on the hook for it. They sent me his medical information, what he had done, etc. They refuse to call the hospital to find out and the hospital is refusing to call them to tell them.

Is there some sort of easy-button I can press here? I'm not ducking out on debt, I am literally saying "wrong person, fix your stuff" and getting nowhere. Pretty sure they are going to send this to collections if I don't do something soon. I refuse to pay for someone elses accident and I do NOT want my records mingled with this other "Dan Harris" - to put it bluntly it would be very bad if our records were mixed.

Help me out here.

( xposted from /r/Insurance )
Y’all, the saga continues. I’m on mobile and don’t know how to link my previous post but here’s a summary: an idiotic neighbor kept taking pictures of and with my vehicle in our underground garage and posted them on social media claiming the car is his. 

I thought this dumbass needs a dose of online shaming so here’s what I did. His social media accounts have a pretty high followership (10-12k) and as others suggested, he is indeed some kind of “guru” scammers. I don’t really wanna say what type of scammer for privacy reasons (not that he deserves any). Well, I only have Twitter so I took it there. During his last photoshoot with my car, I took a few photos for evidence. I chose one of those pictures, tagged him in the tweet and wrote: “I see [his handle] loves my car. That’s cool but would be nice if he didn’t try to brag about a car he doesn’t own. This is him during one of the photoshoots in our shared garage.” 

Of course, it didn’t take long until 1) dude deleted ALL the pictures of my car and 2) contacted me to threaten a lawsuit for libel (?) if I don’t apologize to HIM publicly for embarrassing him in front of his “fans” and delete said Tweet. My ass was laughing so hard. I didn’t reply which seemed to only piss him off even more because he was sending me angry emojis and curse words. I should also that my tweet gained traction and has around 120 replies and 300 RTs (I’m getting famous too!). Mostly, people are bashing him and saying what a retard he is. Others started making fun of his other posts (eg “I’m starting to doubt he actually ate at that restaurant. Probably just took a picture and left”). Moreover, this scammer apparently claimed on social media that he lives on a mansion on Lake Washington and some of the commenters put two and two together and realized that he is actually my neighbor and there is no mansion. 

This dude basically says that it is my fault that all these people are making fun of him and that I am destroying his business (?). I’m not particularly afraid of his lawsuit and my lease ends next month after which I will be moving out so I don’t really care. My question is, did I do something legally wrong? Can that be considered libel? 

Thanks!
location: australia 

Posted this on r/relationships and got advised to put it on here. Some more things: to the best of my knowledge, she would never do anything to hurt me which includes tattling to her parents (from what I know she doesn’t have a good relationship with them and they’ve put her in some hard places before) Or at least I hope not..

I’ve been looking to settle down recently and met a gorgeous girl on tinder where we hit it off instantly and have been pursuing a relationship for the past 3 months. Yes, this includes the physical side (obviously before i found out her real age). We have discussed age-specific things before, and she has always seemed so well versed in her high school days and uni work that I never even noticed anything was up. The age on her profile is 19, and I never thought to doubt it because she looks about 20 anyway and has the maturity of someone around that age too. She asked me to grab some cash out of her wallet yesterday and I found an old ID with her real birth year on it— 2003. I haven’t confronted her on it, and personally have no idea how to even begin. I was falling in love with her and now I feel completely duped. Obviously I haven’t pursued any sexual stuff with her after I found out, but I am so heartbroken. I’m not a pedophile but really have no idea how to deal with this! Any advice is appreciated 

TL;DR been unknowingly fucking and falling in love with a 15 year old girl for the past 3 months.
My car was stolen out of my driveway. I came out in the morning to find my car gone and some broken glass in the driveway. I called the police and filed a report.

Last week the police called me and told me the car had been found and said that I could come and pick it up. I picked it up from the police station but the clutch and the transmission were fried (it's a manual) and I had to get it towed back to my house because I couldn't drive it. The police told me they caught someone driving it and they were working on the case.

Besides the window being broken and the clutch and transmission being fried the car reeked of marijuana and had empty beer bottles all over the floor. While I was cleaning it I found a cell phone under the seat. It was unlocked and it had notifications up. I brought the phone to the police figuring that it would help their case. This is where it gets weird.

The officer took the phone but told me there wasn't enough evidence to charge anyone with anything so I should just cut my losses and move on. I didn't understand how this was possible because they told me they caught someone driving it and the report they sent to my insurance company confirms this.

I called the police again and kept getting the run around so finally I asked to speak to a supervising officer. The supervising officer told me they didn't have enough evidence on "John Smith" to charge him with anything. I don't think it's a coincidence that "John Smith" is the son of a city councillor. The supervising officer told me that the case was closed and I should leave this alone.

Is there anything I can do to get them to charge him? He was found driving my car that I have on video being stolen. His phone was found in my car, the window was busted, the transmission and clutch were fried, the car smells like marijuana and had 36 beer bottles on the floor. The bill to fix my car is going to be a fortune. I know that if he wasn't the son of a city councillor he would already be in jail. Also despite having a clean driving record and no criminal record I have been pulled over 4 times since I got my car back while driving my rental. All 4 times it was just so the police could "check my documents". A strange guy in a suit also came to my house and has sat in a car outside my work. He never says anything to me he just smilies and waves. The police say he isn't breaking any laws by being in public.

What can I do about this? Can I talk to the state police or the FBI if the local police won't help?

Edit: I live in a smaller town, not a big city, if that makes a difference
So like the title says I rent a property in Kansas and my renters had a miscarriage and buried the unborn fetus in my backyard. Some background I’m terminally ill and currently living in Colorado waiting on a transplant. I decided to rent the house I own in my hometown. I had a roommate when I lived there and when I moved he offered to rent the whole house. This was a couple years ago. Since then he has gotten married and had a child. They were expecting their second earlier this year and apparently had a miscarriage. I should say these people, although my friends, are pretty trashy but overall pleasant enough. Around the time of their miscarriage they started having trouble paying rent and after a few months decided to move out. I’m currently in town for other reasons and decided to go look at the property and talk to them about life and whatnot. The wife then told me about the miscarriage and then told me they buried the fetus in the backyard. I was shocked and just kind of left without too much of a reaction. Now that I’ve gained my composure I’m worried that maybe this could potentially cause me legal trouble. What is my liability? What if a dog digs it up or something? Also I plan to sell the house eventually. What are my responsibilities there? “Oh yeah by the way there’s a dead baby in the backyard. No big deal it’s not haunted or anything.” This is freaking me out and I’m not sure what to do. Should I notify the police? I’d rather not because they’re friends but this is crazy.
Basically the title. Bought the laptop from the dude at his home in his drive way. After 2 hours I found the CP on it and shut it down immediately. I wanted to call the police but I am being told that that is a terrible idea as the Texas law regarding it is stupid as fuck. They said that I would be the one charged as I am the one in possession of it and that the creator of it would face separate charges. 

Am I going to have to get an attorney for this or is there a way I can report this without one? I am pretty broke and can not afford even 100s for a consultation fee. 

Is my friend right in that I would be fucked if I called the police?

EDIT: I just got back from the police. I am not going to provide many details here other than I am not in trouble, so far, and that I only gave information about how long I had the laptop, how long it was before I found the CP, and handed over copies of all documentation. I had my old cell phone on me and recorded the audio of what happened on it for CYA. 

I was tempted to just wipe the device when I first found it as I felt like I did not want to lose the 200 I paid for it. Yes selfish I know but at that point I did not care. My conscience got the better of me though. The police have it now and I have records of everything in case they decide to bust down my door over this. 
Original post [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/3jsxc6/my_neighbors_didnt_like_the_color_of_my_house_was/)

I was going to wait until the after the weekend to talk to the lawyer I used for their last lawsuit against me, but there have been further developments so I had to call him this morning. Beyond the fact that they have filed another lawsuit against me for the cost of the painters (yes, seriously) I can't say anything further about what has all happened, on the advice of my lawyer. I will provide an update once everything is resolved. 

Edit: Thank-you to everyone who responded to my last post. You really know how to make a girl feel special :p
Edit: a word and a state. SC. 

I was waiting to update this pending Big Doings by the corporate office, so thank you. 

So I quit, though I bet you all saw that coming. 

I gave 4 weeks notice per the crazy ass owners “requirement” because I decided to move out of state and had the time. 

Then he decided to try and screw me. When the schedule for my last 2 weeks came out, I wasn’t on it. He apparently told the manager not to schedule me because I was “toxic” and “not a team player”. 

But, as the saying goes, I didn’t get mad. I got even. 

I knew he would try to call me in. Because that’s what happens when you only have two people to close and one isn’t working. So every time he called I said “I wasn’t scheduled today, so I made plans.”

After about a week he threatened to fire me. My response? “You already did. Constructive dismissal exists. You reduced my hours to zero, basically firing me. I’ve already been to the unemployment office.” (I didn’t, I was moving, but I wanted to hear his heart audibly stop.)

Then I asked about my last check. Since he’s fired me, I needed to pick it up. He said I could get it on payday and hung up. 

I should also note that during this time I sent very lengthy email to the corporate office detailing every single shady and illegal thing this ass was doing. From trying to write work arounds for labor laws into the hand book, to getting employees to pay him back “overpayments” with personal checks, to the contamination, all of it. With pictures. 

So payday rolls around. No check. I call and no one answers. I go in person and no one knows anything because apparently, no one got paid. No one. Not even the managers. There’s no direct deposit, he always cut paper checks (and forward dated them 3 days) so everyone was screwed. 

But me? I was walking on sunshine. Straight to small claims the next day with a written letter from the assistant manager (who’s a friend, tbh) verifying that I had quit and not been paid and calls to the owner about it hadn’t been returned. He had two days or until the next pay period, as long as it didn’t exceed 30 days, to pay me after separation. 

He showed up and tried to say the Internet was down, which is why I wasn’t paid on time, but the judge was having none of it. I got the max I could claim, 3x what he originally owed me. And the joy of seeing him get dressed WAY TF DOWN. 

And it gets better. Due to my emails and photos (along with other employees who made reports) Corporate descended on that franchise like a swarm of angry Valkyries. 

I was long gone and moved away by the time they actually did anything but he got ousted. 

Officially, he turned it over to spend time with his family (cause his daughter joined a Christian cult and ran away???)  but really corporate was FURIOUS at the shit he was doing and the terrible reputation the place had (essentially damaging the brand) so they threatened to rain legal brimstone down on him so hard it would make god jealous unless he turned the store over. 

According to the assistant manager anyways. 

Alls well that ends well. I got paid and Asshole Supreme got a banging dose of karma. 
Well, I guess this was my welcome to the legal world. It's cheaper for my wife to plead "No contest". It doesn't matter whether she is guilty or not. They accused her of a crime, and because we can't afford to fight it my wife is going to be on probation. The fact that she could just be accused and suddenly we have to start spending without seeing a bit of evidence. 

Our options were pay $290 fine plus $50 for probation, or pay $500 for a lawyer just to help with pre-trial stuff.

America, where it's cheaper to be guilty, even if you aren't. At least she won't have a misdemeanor on her record.


She won't have a record because she was never arrested and the deferred adjudication means she won't have a record as long as she doesn't get a citation for a short time frame. I know there are steps after that. Non-disclosure applications and such. 
On April 5th, 2018 my girlfriend passed away after a fatal car accident and left me with our baby daughter. I work to support her and myself, and she's well taken care of, I do my best. My girlfriend's parents watch her while I work, and have recently started to drop hints that my daughter is much happier and better taken care of at their house than with me. This past weekend they sat me down and told me that they'd be going after me for custody and that they had grandparents rights and that my daughter deserves better than what I can give her. I'm heartbroken and confused, and i don't know how to fight this or what to do. Can they take her? How can I get them to leave me alone? 
This is a long story but I'll try to keep it short. Throwaway for obvious reasons.

I got pregnant with my ex boyfriend. He wanted me to stay with him and raise it but I wanted an abortion. I left him and told him I was getting one and thats final.

A few days later, I got arrested at work and they took me to some sort of psych eval. My ex had told them that I was threatening to kill his baby! He doesn't have any kids! He lied to them. I was held for about 6 hours and then released.

The next day, I got fired from work for "causing a scene." Now, I'm jobless. I know the police and the state didn't do anything illegal, but did my ex? Can I pursue some sort of action against him?
I just bought a condo that has been vacant for a while. Right after I bought the place, before I even started moving in, I got an official warning from the HOA that my next door neighbor has called their emergency line 3 times over my pet bird that is so loud in the mornings it startled him awake and caused him emotional distress. In their email they specifically said what time my bird was making these loud noises. 

Now, the thing is I don’t have any pets, and for the past few nights I’ve stayed up to that specific time to see if I could here anything loud and disturbing as he described(which I did not, aside from a few birds chirping quietly outside). However, this neighbor is still calling the HOA’s emergency line every night to complain about my bird. The HOA manager doesn’t believe I don’t have a pet bird, even though I’ve offered to let him come see. He said that I could just be hiding the bird.

Today I got a letter from Animal Welfare and Enforcement about my bird’s vocalizations disturbing the peace. It said that I can be taken to court because of my bird if the neighbor complains again. I DON’T HAVE A BIRD OR ANY PET.

I’ve tried talking to the guy, but he refuses to answer his door, and when he comes out to watch me leave for work, he’ll shut his door and ignore me if I try to talk to him. Am I seriously going to have to go to court because this guy thinks I have a pet bird? How am I supposed to prove that I don’t have a bird? 
   Sorry I’m not sure what to mark that is. I’m from Michigan. Sorry for the wall of text 
 
I was sitting at a gas station waiting for my cousin to come out the store with my dog in the back seat(Husky if that’s important). This man walks out and he was obviously intoxicated(i later found out from my cousin that the store owners wouldn’t sell to him because of how Intoxicated he was). The man starts walking towards my car and i reach over to lock my doors, the man opens my door before I get a chance to lock it and sits down in back seat and then closes the door. 
   
 At first I’m calm and ask him politely to get out of my car, the man just smiles at me before locking the door(using the little door lock thing). While I’m talking to the man my dog starts growling at him, i think he sensed that i was frightened.I jump out of my car and start screaming at him to get the fuck out of my car, shoo go away, this isn’t your car, go away, etc. The guy doesn’t get out and shoved my dog away from him(he was growling) and then my dog starts to attack him. My dog bit him 4 times before I was able to open the back door and pull him off.

   The man gets out my car, calls the police, etc. They said they will call me, this was earlier today. My dog has NEVER shown any signs of aggression and I have multiple people that can vouch for that. 

How much trouble am I in? 

Edit: I guess a better question is what should I expect?

Edit 2: Thanks everyone! My dog is fine and you all have eased my worries a lot. 
I posted this in r/divorce before. Adding updates as to what has unfolded. 

Throw away account because he stalks every thing I do. Just to be safe.

Two years ago I (now 29F) was out of the blue handed separation papers from my husband (now 30m)... this led to one of the worst times of my life. I found out he was having an affair. Was taking our 3 children to her house and telling them not to tell me or they'd get in trouble. His behavior toward me changed dramatically. He became extremely abusive and the police were called to our home. (He was forcing me to move out but at the time I had nowhere to go, I had no money on my own.) Two long days later he's charged with a domestic violence charge, and I get granted a temporary protective order. We get to court, judge drops it because he's calm in court but warns him if he even touches me he will go to jail. Eventually he pleads guilty to his charge and gets a year probation. We go to court again. He wants full custody. Drags me through the mud. Judge said no way and gave us a 50/50 split. He's still with the woman he has an affair with. I ask for 6 months of no paramours around the children because he wanted to move her in immediately and I believed the kids needed some healing time. Judge agrees and adds it. He's livid. In the 6 month period he gets her pregnant. We go back to court again after the 6 months.  He again asks for full custody. Judge denies and keeps it at 50/50 because it's working for the kids. The other woman however we find out after court had moved in about a month before the 6 month period had ended. He told the kids, again, to lie to me or they'd be in trouble. Some time passes, I meet an amazing man. We were good friends first, then decided to try dating. Dating is perfect. I introduce him to the kids. The kids adore him, he adores the kids. It's going nearly perfect. Except my ex is flipping out because how dare I move on. How dare I involve him with the kids. I don't deserve to move on he claims. More time passes. We move in together. Kids have their own rooms. They love it here! My divorce finally becomes final. Ex gets married the very next day after we are granted the divorce. The next day after that he files a show cause because I moved in with boyfriend. He wants full custody again. My youngest then tells my mother that some strange things have been going on with daddy and she doesn't think it's right. Daddy tells her not to trust mommy's boyfriend because he's going to hurt them and touch them in the no no places. This goes on. More and more of these comments are revealed that my ex is telling them my boyfriend is going to hurt them. We go for our pre-trial for the show cause, it's granted to move forward. Date is set. Not a week later I get a call from cps that they need to investigate an allegation that my boyfriend touched my oldest. We do the interview, cps clears him completely. It's obvious he hasn't done anything because he's never left alone with the kids. I'm in charge of baths, etc. However, the cps worker thinks she has been abused, but she was coached to say it was my boyfriend. They seem to think it was my ex or my ex's father or my ex knows it's his father and he's covering it up. So now they are investigating his family instead. We are waiting for the results and What is uncovered. 

Im shaking all the time. I haven't slept right in days. I can barely eat. My baby was hurt. I knew it in my gut. It was attempted to be pegged on my boyfriend but they found no way for the allegation to be possible. 

It's all a mess. This is beyond who deserves custody. This is who hurt my daughter. How can I get justice for my daughter and help her heal from this .. 

Update: my boyfriend has been 100% cleared of any allegations. It was ruled unfounded, as we expected. However, the ex has decided to ignore our custody agreement and only give two of our three kids to me. We did week on week off. When I went to get them at our usual meetinf spot a month and a half ago, I was met by an off duty police officer that was a friend of his family letting me know I would only be getting two of the children as the oldest is now "terrified of her mother and the mother's boyfriend." I attempted to call another police officer but they said it was a civil matter. I filed a show cause for him violating the custodial agreement. Tomorrow is our court date. I have not seen my oldest child in over a month, have not been allowed to talk to her, or my questions about how she is doing are ignored. Ex just won't talk to me at all. 

My attorney says this is an obvious and clear cut case of parental alienation and it's obvious he wasn't getting his way so he escalated his claims to attempt to get custody. 

Obviously, I don't think this is going to be a cake walk. However, I just want to know I'm not crazy and this is actually an attempt at parental alienation and I'm not going to lose my children to a monster who is an expert of maniuplation.

I've been with my company for 2 years now. I recently applied for a different position, and got it. We're required to submit to a drug test any time we change positions, which is fine, I wasn't worried.

Our drug tests are done in house. Yesterday, I went to give my urine specimen, and was told by the HR woman to just leave it in the bathroom and go back to work, that she would check it in a second. 

Today, I get to work and my supervisor congratulates me on being pregnant, and tells me they'll be speaking to me about the position later. Bewildered, I asked what she meant. Apparently I was not only tested for drugs, but given a pregnancy test (not sure how, unless they literally dipped a stick in or used a dropper after the fact?) without my consent/knowledge. 

I left work almost immediately and bought tests on the way home. I am indeed pregnant and have NO desire to keep it, and will be scheduling an abortion ASAP. 

The other issue is that my supervisor KNOWS. I don't know who else. Unless I fake a miscarriage, they'll know I aborted and that seems like a ton of workplace drama I should have been able to avoid. 

Is this legal? What are my options here? I'm afraid when I go back to work, it'll be all over the factory and I'll have to figure out a lie.
[Original post here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7qwiny/co_im_an_artist_and_left_some_paintings_hanging/)
Denver, Colorado

I found a non-profit in my area that helps artists and creatives find lawyers who are willing to help them pro bono.

My lawyer sent a carefully worded letter saying we'd like the painting back or the value of the painting paid to me, minus the shop's commission - or I'd be pursuing the issue in small claims court.

I didn't hear from her for a few weeks, but then got a sickeningly sweet text saying she managed to track the person down who supposedly bought the painting from the shop, bought it back, and it was ready to pick up (wow, she's a hero!). But not at the shop -- at her home. I sent my boyfriend to grab it to avoid a bizarre confrontation with her. She left it on the porch and wouldn't answer the door. She left a valuable painting on her porch, outdoors, for hours. Whatever, I have it back and never have to talk to her again.

Thank you all for the advice! I'd like to send my lawyer a thank you -- what would be appropriate?

I figured this merited an update:

I told my ex boyfriend I was moving out with or without the money and he told me that if I left him, he could keep the "gift" for himself. I told him whatever and called his mother and told her I was leaving. She asked why and I told her the whole story. She asked me to give her a few minutes and then she would get back to me. I heard her call my ex in the other room and could hear her yelling at him through the phone. She called me back and told me to take pictures of the rooms. I sent them to her and she gave me the all clear over text. She also sent me an apology for my ex's behavior. I left and thought that was that. A few days later, I got a check in the mail for $15k from my ex's mom! Not exactly justice (because the original money was indeed probably gone), but I walked away feeling pretty good about the whole thing.
Asking for my little sister, who isn’t on reddit:

My sister was the victim of a dumb prank that went too far. Some of her buddies watched the movie *Scream*. They got one of those spooky masks and went to our house when she was home alone. One of them tapped on the window, and another rattled the door knobs. My sister didn’t know who they were, so she locked herself in a room and called 911.

Anyway, the guys were still there when the police got there, and they ended up being charged with “Aggravated Menacing” and since one of them had a real knife, there was an accelerated charge for that. Also, because my sister was 16 and all the guys were 18, it was considered child abuse?? 

My sister didn’t want to press charges once she realized it was just her friends, but a magistrate (?) is pressing charges now. She doesn’t want to testify, but they are making her. Even worse, this wound up on local social media, and she is being accused of “ruining their lives” and getting harassment for that. What should she do? 
I posted here about a week ago about a theft. My roommate had stolen over 1000$ of stuff from me and I had no proof yet but was obviously very upset. You guys talked me out of doing some dumb shit that would get me in trouble. I filed the police report and within 12 hours they called and found all my items in pawnshops within 2 hours of me. I got my rent paid for 2 months, all items returned, and roommate is looking at 2.5 years.

I feel like so much anxiety has been lifted off my chest and I'm just so surprised i actually got everything back! 
I just now got out of the hospital. Last monday on the 28th, I had an old employee we let go on friday come in. Now this is not unusual as people generally forgot things when they leave. I asked him what he was doing here. 

He said he needed to talk to me about what happened. This guy was let go for budget reasons. Simple as that. We cut 5 employees and he unfortunately made the cut. 

I informed him that there was no real reason why he was let go. Just a business decision and that we would have glowing letters of recommendation for him, will not interfere with unemployment, and will actually give good references for everyone who called. 

This point he claims its bullshit and gets hostile. I try to calm him down as does many other workers nearby. His friend tried to say he would take him to lunch and pay. Basically everyone knew he needed to leave at this point. 

He seemed to calm down, but then pulled out a pocket knife and stabbed me in the stomach. I did not even realize I had been stabbed yet as I saw the knife and reacted. I grabbed his arm and held it firmly. The adrenaline was running through me so much I did not realize I had been stabbed yet until I saw the blood. I started to panic and punched him with my free hand in the jaw a few times. I guess one of them hit home as he dropped to the ground. 

I sat down in on the ground holding the knife in me as I knew it was probably the only thing keeping me from bleeding out. The other workers that were there held him down until the police arrived. The ambulance took me and I went in for surgery. 

Today i receive a phone call that I do not have to return to work. I told my boss that I would be ready for light duty on monday. He said that my health was not what he meant. One of the HR guys saw me punch the fired worker a few times and said that my face was like "A vicious animal." Exact words. 

I told my boss that this was to be expected when fight or flight kicks in. He agreed with me and said that he wished he did not have to do this. But that everyone who got physical with the former employee will probably be let go pending a review by legal. 

This will make me lose my insurance. I am worried about continuing medical issues. The stab wound is still infected, but I have been given both pills and a cream for this. 

I am mainly worried about losing the job. Is there any kind of suit I can bring up if I am fired for this? I know you can sue someone for anything you want, I am asking about suits that would have a reasonable chance of winning given a good lawyer. 

Also is it legal for my job to fire me and the guys who helped over this? The guy was only out for maybe half a minute so he was still a danger. It took the police 12 minutes to show up. Hello the ambulance was forced to wait outside for 5 minutes until the police showed up to secure the situation. This guy had plenty of time to harm other people. How can a job just up and fire everyone like this? Im guessing yes because texas, but is this even legal?
Previous post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9hm58g/my_neighbor_falsely_believes_my_disabled_bil_was/

Hi, all. Sorry for never replying to everybody's really kind, helpful advice -- I'm bad at reddit and really busy right now. I really do appreciate it.

For a few days after my initial post, my husband or I would walk my BIL to his usual spot after work and watch from a distance to make sure he wasn't behaving inappropriately (he might have by accident). Neither of us saw him do anything out of the ordinary; he just sat on the bench, took pictures, and looked around at the trees and flowers. He didn't watch or interact with anybody else, which is about what we expected. He's so, so shy.

Per a lot of advice, I didn't delete any of my BIL's photos for awhile. This pretty quickly got to be unmanageable though, because he takes 50-100 pictures every day, often just the same thing again and again. But we set up a google drive to save them all. 

My husband and I also talked to BIL a LOT about what to do/say if he is approached by police. He is not very verbal and very quickly gets flustered and upset in unfamiliar social situations, so we really practiced pulling out his medical alert card and being very "non-threatening" with his body language (my BIL is 6'5" but has physical mannerisms a little bit like a child's, so if you don't know him or why he's behaving the way he is, he can be pretty alarming). To be honest, I'm still nervous about it, but we practiced and talked about it a lot.

As for my neighbor, I saw her again a few times and she ignored me. I considered bringing my BIL to meet her properly, but decided I didn't want to expose him to her freaking out. About a week ago, she approached me and told me she appreciated my "taking control of the situation," but that my BIL's disability was "no excuse." I said "No excuse for what?" and she said "for filming and photographing children." I considered pointing out that it isn't illegal to do that (as you guys did), but that would sound like he IS doing it, so I just told her that she isn't doing that. She threatened to call the cops again but so far nothing's come of it. I'm keeping an eye out. In any case, it's getting colder, and my BIL is spending less time just hanging out. He's also really happy to come with me to doctor's appointments, and I'm currently pregnant, so we've had a lot of those. (My neighbor started saying something about how I'd understand if I was a mother. I'm not showing yet, but I really considered telling her I was pregnant just to shut her up. But that's needlessly combative, lol.)

Thanks again to everyone's kind advice. Husband and I are currently working with BIL on responses he should give if that neighbor/anybody else approaches him while he's nature-photographing.

Oh, and thank you to the person in bestoflegaladvice who suggested a botanical garden -- we've driven to a few different ones now and it's really nice!! Thanks. :) 
First, I'd like to thank you all for all the advice and supportive messages you all have sent me since I made this post.  I reached out to a lawyer, who drafted me a response free of charge to send back to the TSA.  I questioned his verbiage as it looked to me like I was apologizing for everything and admitting guilt.  He responded saying that yes, you are apologizing (and asking for a warning instead of a fine), but nowhere in the e-mail are you admitting guilt.  


He further stated that this is the best course of action for now and that he was 99% sure they would drop it and just give me a warning.  But should they come back with an actual fine, to contact him back for official representation.


I received the response today, and they gave me a warning.  No fine.  I am so incredibly relieved.  I know a lot of you encouraged me to sue the TSA and whatnot, but I am overjoyed that this is finally behind me.   I did have some definite fault in what transpired, and won't make that mistake again.  I do think there was some significant negligence on the TSA's part that I could have taken some action on, but frankly, I'm glad it didn't come to that.


Thank you all again for everything.
I'm 15. My family is deeply religious. I respect that but sometimes, yknow, I'm 15, and I have to, you know, rub one out. I try not to but like... I can't concentrate on anything else if I don't. And like if I see a pretty girl it'll get worse. It basically feels like sleeping to me, if I don't do it I can't function. Idk if I'm normal or not. I'm definitely ashamed of it. But I'm not lying I promise. My mom doesn't believe me. My dad is out of the picture so I can't talk to him and ask him if this is a guy thing.

Anyway my mom has tried a lot of things to get me to stop. She took my door off, for example. She grounded me and stuff. I try to hide it so she gives up but now she's decided to get some kind of device and put it on me so that I can't touch myself. She seemed serious and it wouldn't be out of character for her. She also does other weird things like on Fridays we can't eat at all because of Jesus. I try to respect that but often times I go out on a bike ride and get food somewhere. I get hungry.

What I want to know is can I refuse to wear her device? I pretty much know I will lose my phone (she'll probably sell it so I can't get it back) and stuff if I refuse but I personally think that going a while without my phone is kinda fine. I want my grades go stay OK so that I can get into college and have some control over myself and I can't do that if I'm constantly hot and bothered by every girl I see cuz, well you know.

So yeah this is kinda embarrassing. I hope I don't need to share my personal information with anyone here. I live in ohio and go to a private school.
Im a father with 3 kids and my wife. I am the provider of the house. Recently my back was not feeling well and i just got a job thats paying me enough to sustain my family and see a doctor. I go to the chiropractor and the first 4 visits go well. In the last one, the doctor stretched me in his machine too hard. Got out of there feeling weak but the next day i couldnt walk without a cane. A week has passed and i cant walk to take a piss without having my 21 year old son carrying me. I went to the emergency room twice in a week. Its been almost 20 days since the incident.Getting an mri this tuesday. The incompetence of this chiropractor now has me worried i cant make ends meet. What should i do?
[Santa Monica, CA] 
 
Good Morning, guys. This is an uplifting update. 
 
First of all, I'd like to thank all of you guys for such an overwhelming response.I'm glad that there are people who would spend time from their busy life to help a random stranger on Internet. :) 
 
So, After reading all of advises here and carefully discussing this matter with my cousin, we made a nasty plan. Yesterday night that squatter girl went outside to grab some dinner with her bf. Me and my cousin carefully packed all of her stuffs in her three bag left in in our front porch and locked ourselves in house. We also looked over her stuffs from window to make sure no one steals it. 
 
Our wait was over after 2 hours when girl returned. She figured it out and started pounding at our door, yelling loudly to open door, you know typical squatter drama. We told her to go fuck off and we won't open the door. So, finally after 30 minutes of constant drama, she dared to call cops. I was nervous how it would turn out. 
 
Cops arrived. Fortunately these were different ones than previous night. First they listened to her side. Then they came to me. I explicitly told them that I was sole owner of house and never allowed girl to stay more than 1 night. She was not only trespassing but also living in my house illegally without my permission. Bitch kept saying I had given permission to stay there indefinitely and now kicking her out. Officer said she has any proof of that? She claimed she had some message which accidentally got deleted. 
  
Now the best part, Officer then asked her for an ID. She gave ID. Officer verified it over Radio. Suddenly, they told him this bitch had a failure to appear warrant for months old shoplifting case. Stupid lady was arrested immediately. His stuffs were send to friend's house. Officer said that I don't need to worry and they'll take care of her. I do not require any further action. 
  
So, Finally I'm relived from that squatter and bitch is behind bars. What a justice boner! 
 
All's well that ends well. :)
 
TL, DR: Previously there was bad cop, then comes good cop and justice is served. :)

Not trolling I swear. If this wasn't happening to me I wouldn't even believe it. My location is the state of Minnesota and I'm looking for advice because I have no idea what to do next.

While I was at work my car disappeared from the parking lot outside my office. The office I work at is the only building that uses the lot. I reported my car stolen but later realized that I couldn't find the keys and I told the police that as well. The next day my boss was pulled over driving my car. He has told the police that I lent him my car because his was in the shop. I didn't lend it to him and he never even asked me if he could borrow it. I told the police I didn't lend it to him. He now says he assumed he could take my car while his was out of commission and that he took the keys out of my purse. He has been charged with stealing my car and now he has a lawyer and won't say anything else. I have also been fired from my job by my bosses boss and the company owner. The reason on my letter of dismissal was for showing disloyalty to the company. My bosses boss says I need to learn how things work in the professional world. I worked there for a year and it's the only job I've had since graduating college and they aren't going to give me a reference and my unemployment application was denied because I was fired for misconduct. I know about at will employment but are they really legally allowed to fire me because I told the police about my boss stealing my car?
The bill is for the 911 call and rescue but they never responded to the call, sent anyone out or went to the scene before or after my cousin was found, by their own admission. Is there anything my uncle can do to contest it?

**EDIT: I am not asking about suing anyone. My question is only about whether my uncle is liable for a bill for a rescue that never happened.**
This is in Michigan. I am originally from Germany and very unsure how the law works in the United States so bear with me. 

Last year I received a job offer to work as an assistant professor in the German language department at a large university in Michigan. I recently finished my PhD and was really excited to fill a research position (and possible post doc position) in the specific field I applied to. 




Most of my time I give classes in German literature but additionally the university would like me to help students with writer's block so I joined an interdisciplinary workshop. 

There are at least 4 people connected to this workshop and we get along fine most of the time. Sadly there is one elderly woman who made me out as a rival day one. 

I do not know what provoked her but there is something about me that makes her mad.  Cue the incident...I had an appointment with a student, gave him some tips and instructions and left my bowl with gummy bears on the desk. 

Mind you, these gummy bears a sugar free and volatile, if you eat more than a handful you are in serious fart troubles and you will occupy the toilet bowl for the rest of your day.

But my co-worker ate the whole bowl, first she excused herself from any commitments and then she called in sick. The next day she confronted me and blamed me for the whole ordeal, that I deliberately placed those gummy bears and it was all a ploy to humiliate her. 

According to her she has already informed HR and her lawyer and that I will be kicked out of the country in no time. The only thing I can blame myself on is that me and my colleagues giggled at her bowel distress signals.  

Picture of the culprits: http://imgur.com/a/waKAd


In the interest of keeping “Tree Week” going, I’ve decided to give a small update to this situation. 

Original post here: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8j8ml9/tree_service_cut_down_trees_without_my_permission/

I had an arborist come out and do an evaluation. Out of 12 pines on the lot, 7 had been removed and another species of tree had been damaged (broken in half) by the felling of the pines. They were all 40ft or larger, and the other species was even larger and worth more than the rest combined. I won’t say the exact value here, but it was indeed substantial. 

As well, I had a reforestation service come out that was recommended by the arborist. Unfortunately, due to the steep embankment, it is simply not possible to replant 40ft tall pines. They would never take and it would be nigh impossible to accomplish regardless. The largest that would have the highest success of implantation would be 8-10ft tall, and would take 4-5 years after to regain the privacy from the road and development behind us that we had before. Regardless, it was still an extremely high cost to both replant the new trees as well as clear the debris from the old trees off of the hillside. 

My attorney sent a letter to the tree company with a demand for triple damages as well as the costs of reforestation. I received a deluge of calls and voicemails from the owner, which I ignored and sent VM copies to my attorney. I’ve also seen them on the motion sensor for my cameras driving past my house on multiple occasions, which I let my attorney know about. I let my neighbors know to keep an eye out, and if they see the service at my home while I’m gone to immediately call the police. My attorney had a discussion with them in which the owners said they were going to turn it over to insurance and let them figure it out. They said we had a verbal contract to do work, which I deny, and I have an unsigned quote and video footage showing I left before he even put the quote in my mailbox. I also have the voice recordings with one of the owners explicitly stating their fault in the matter. 

I’ll post another update once we hear back from his insurance.

EDIT: Formatting, some extra details.
State: Texas

We fooled around for a few weeks but never had actual penetrative sex. We're both 16 years old.

My parents don't believe me when I tell them that we never had sex. They want me to man up and accept responsibility. Can you help me protect myself? 
I'm 18 and I work part time at a Starbucks in Florida (along with another serving job). I'm a girl and I just finished losing a considerable amount of weight, and I'm receiving attention for the first time in my life and I'm still not really used to dealing with it. I do know that the way I'm being treated now is very screwed up, but I'm not sure how to handle it.

There's a man who started coming in every day, who I've interacted every shift of mine for the last month. He is at least in his mid-twenties and comes in wearing a tail and making furry jokes very often. He is somehow visually impaired and he brings in his service animal to guide him, and he makes sexually charged and inappropriate jokes EVERY time I've interacted with him, regardless of whether I'm make his drink/taking orders/giving drinks. If I'm not at the counter he yells inappropriately. The worst example I can think is him ordering a "puppachino" that we offer and letting his dog start to lick it and then holding it back to me. "For the two favorite b****es in my life" with a giant smile on his face before licking the top himself. It's usually not nearly that bad but it's pretty similar. He has pulled up inappropriate drawings on his phone and asked if I like doggy style. That specific puppachino incident was two days ago and his behavior continues to get worse. He does not seem to be severely mentally ill with anything and I think he's very aware of how uncomfortable he makes me. 

My manager generally isn't someone who is easy to get along with, and when I approached him with this he essentially handwaved away my complaints and told me that he couldn't do anything and that dealing with this was part of the job. He also explained that he knew about this specific guy because one of my other coworkers already spoke to him on MY behalf without me asking (so I know it's not just me!) but he can't do much because the guy is disabled? I know that that's ridiculous, but I'm not sure where I go with it. It's not like I can really argue back. 

Can anyone help me out with what to do? I currently live alone and I need this job but this one guy has turned what is otherwise a really fun and nice place to work into a place that makes me sick. Thanks. 
This isn't much of an update, but people have been asking. I edited my original post because it went viral and I didn't want my daughter to be doxxed. I certainly didn't want to expose her to the cruelty that comes with such viral stories.

Once this story started floating around the district, the superintendent connected the dots and jumped on it pretty quickly. The principal was quietly replaced and the boys were disciplined. My daughter was not punished and the superintendent actually apologized to her for everything that happened. 

Again, we have no desire to go public here. We are trying not to let our daughter's entire school year get consumed by this, so we decided as a family not to pursue anything further unless something else happens.

Thank you all for your advice on my previous post.
So I wanted to thank everyone who commented and replied on the [previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8azu76/i_havent_seen_or_heard_from_my_biological_father/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) as it really helped me feel better about the decision to relinquish my rights as his power of attorney.

On Sunday, my aunt had called to let me know that when she visited him and asked if he wanted to see his children, and he tried to open his eyes and blinked several times so she insinuated that it was a yes. To be honest, I only agreed to go because I knew I had to do this for myself so that I wouldn’t live with the possibility of regret that I did or did not see him in his dying days (even though I know I don’t owe him anything). It was also an hour and a half drive from where I currently live in Louisiana.

So when I went to go see my dad, the doctor wanted to speak with me, my aunt and uncle first about what to do and who's going to have the power of attorney. I told them I wanted to withdraw my responsibility and then the doctor said that I can give it to someone else. I gave my aunt and uncle that option and they said they were in the same boat as I was and didn't know what to do either. If none of us decides to hold that responsibility, then the decision will ultimately go to the State and it'll be up to them with the next steps of care. I also asked if there would be a financial burden to whoever becomes his power of attorney. The doctor said she wasn’t sure but she believes that he has Medicare/Medicaid, but anything not covered by them would be the responsibility of the power of attorney. 

So I finally go in to see him with my aunt and uncle and he just seems kind of unresponsive. He has very little brain function and is pretty much equivalent to a person who has gone through several strokes. My aunt was trying to wake him up to open his eyes, and he slightly fluttered his eyelids. They told me to talk to him. So I asked them if I could have some privacy because I really didn't know what to say. I just kind of stood there for a second after they left and just talked about myself. I felt like I was in an interview or something. I was just like "hey dad..... it's liveliftlove" and he turned his heads towards me and opened his eyes a little bigger, but I'm not sure what brain functions are still working (doctor didn't have MRI on hand so we weren’t sure what brain functions weren’t hypoxic) and I just started talking about myself. I told him I’m turning 27 year this, I've gone to college, have 2 degrees, don't have any kids, have a side business, and am currently living in Louisiana. Then, I said something along the lines of  "I know it's been 21 years since you've seen or heard from me..." and then I started choking up because I knew what I wanted to say next but I had a difficult time saying it. A part of me just wanted to get super angry and say “I turned out okay without you or maybe because you left I became who I am. You had nothing to do with raising me and the successes I have achieved to this day”. Ultimately I said I forgave him and that I hope he finds peace and happiness in the next lifetime or whatever it is that he believes him. I saw tears come out of his eyes, so I'm not sure if he heard me and was reacting or if it was just because he had all of these tubes in and out of him and he was having some sort of gag reflex. It was just kind of hard to recognize him because the majority of his face had something covering it with the ventilating and feeding tubes. I still felt like I was talking to a stranger, but I just hope he knew I was there and that it made him feel better. I don't feel like a weight has been lifted off my shoulder or like a sigh of relief. I'm actually pretty okay with whatever happened, and I know I won't have any regrets with that part of my life. 

Apparently, he has a group of friends that was also there and they all looked at me and was like “omg, she looks just like the mom.” I got annoyed after we visited, and we all sat together in the waiting room talking and trying to find out more information and they just kept telling me I'm his child, I need to do this, this, and that and to force my brother to come see him. I just didn't say anything because I didn't want to be disrespectful. In my head I really just wanted to scream “FUCK YOU and FUCK YOUR OPINIONS, because you guys got to know him more than I ever had and it’s not anyone’s fault but HIS that he chose not to be a part of my life so don’t you DARE tell me what I should and should not do.” But we found out that they got in touch with the wife in Vietnam and she's trying to come over here to visit and she has been given the power of attorney, so he’s currently on full code until they can get her a visa/sponsorship over here (which he’ll probably pass before that can even happen). 

Thanks everyone for reading. I know this update is a little long, but I thought it might’ve been courteous to those who have taken their time to offer their advice.

[Here's the link to my original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6dj4qh/california_neighbour_constantly_blocking_my/?st=j8u5lhg8&amp;sh=e0c0b34e)

Hello!

The person who directed me to this legal help forum mentioned that it's customary to give updates once significant progress is made in a case. So, since I'm currently sitting in a car, still a couple hundred miles away from home, this is as good a time as any to tell you guys what's been going on. :)

Following your advice I contacted the authorities to have the area around the ramp marked out as a no-parking spot. They weren't able to help me since the street is owned by my neighbourhood's homeowner association. Now, my house is one of the few in the area that is not part of that organisation, but I decided to contact them anyway. The president turned out to be a wonderful lady who was of immense help to me. She helped resolve the parking situation by designating the area around the ramp as a no-parking spot. I felt bad about inconveniencing my neighbours, but the homeowner association agreed to my idea of extending the street parking zone by a few yards on the other side of my neighbours' house, that way they still have somewhere to park their fifth car. She did all that as a gesture of goodwill without me being a member of their organisation, which made me fall in love with the neighbourhood even more. Also, I'm really glad I didn't have to involve the police.

Since my accessibility issue has been resolved I've decided to pull the trigger and buy the house I live in. I'm currently in the process of finalising the purchase which is taking slightly longer than usual due to a complex ownership situation, still at this point my estate agent is assuring me that there should be no more roadblocks, which makes me really happy. Once I'm the owner of the house I'm planning to join the homeowner association as well. I've also been asked to become their accessibility consultant to help make sure all of their future projects are wheelchair friendly, which is a huge honour to me and makes me confident that this is the right place for me. :)

On top of all that, I've reached an agreement with the homeowner association and two other couples to build a second ramp a little further down the street and split the cost between all of us. Every party, including the homeowner association will be covering a quarter of the price and we have a promise that this time a no-parking spot will be marked out immediatelly. :) The project is set to begin once the purchase of my house is finalised.

Thanks once again for all your help! What started out as a nuisance has become a fantastic adventure that reassured me that I've found a place I can truly call home!
Hello everyone, 
I am a 26[F].  About 8 years ago, when I turned 18, I ran away from my home in rural Texas.  My parents are extremely conservative Christians.  While they were not physically abusive, they did not allow me to go to any college because "education is not for woman."  My BF, now husband, sent me money in cash and I got a PO box and ran away.  I have not seen, heard, or talked to them ever since.  Before I left, I told my brother, who was 8 at the time, my BF's landline number and a code word to identify himself (in retrospect I was 18 and immature and I felt cool running away).  I told my brother to use the landline only in the most extreme circumstances.

Yesterday morning my brother, now 16 showed up at my doorstep.  To say I was shocked would be an understatement.  He paid someone to look up my address on a website when he was in Texas.  The way he ran away is similar to mine.  His "friend" (I suspect it is his friend, but he appears to have a crush on him) sent him cash money he then used to buy an airplane ticket.

The reason he gave for running away was that he was gay.  My parents frequently are homophobic.  They also say that gay people should be going to conversion camps.   Although he won't admit it, I suspect my brother may have depression.  At this point I don't know what to do legally.  I suspect that my parents may have filed a missing complaint, but I am not sure.  I haven't received any calls from the police or any visits from them.  So here are some questions.

1) Am I under any legal obligation to contact my parents letting them know where he is?  Is it illegal to not do so?  I have no desire to talk to them.

2) Am I under any legal obligation to tell the police where he is?  Is it illegal to not contact them?

3) I know the chance is almost close to zero of my getting any sort of guardianship of him, but does planning to send a child to a conversion camp that has led to the suicides of my brother's two friends constitute child abuse?  Does it constitute child abuse in California?  Does it constitute child abuse in Texas?  

4) In the most negative scenario, under which my brother is forced to return to Texas and then forced to go to a conversion camp, what can he do to protect himself physically and mentally?

5) Does telling a child constantly that he will go to hell because he is a "sodomite" and he is a "pedophile" constitute emotional abuse such that CPS could reasonably place him in another home?  Does talking about conversion camp constitute emotional abuse?

Edit: Side note, the friend who sent him the money is someone I know.  I know him because I use to tutor him in the homework program at the local library.
My location is Florida. Apologies if this is an obvious question, I am not familiar with the law in any way and have no idea about the legality of this.

My 70 year old great aunt got a call from the "IRS" saying she owed them money or she would be arrested. They said she had to pay them in gift cards ASAP. Of course this is a well known scam but my great aunt believed it (we've since told her about how these scams work and she knows now to call one of her kids if she gets a call asking for money or personal information). My great aunt went out and tried to purchase hundreds of dollars in iTunes gift cards. The cashier got suspicious of an elderly woman buying so many for so much, especially after my great aunt couldn't tell her what iTunes was. The cashier knew what was going on and called the police and got my great aunt to call a family member. My great aunt did not buy any gift cards or lose any money.

The next day my cousin went to thank the cashier but she was not in and the manager told my cousin she had quit. Another employee approached my cousin in the parking lot and said the cashier was actually fired. My cousin left his number with the employee and the cashier later called him. She was terminated the day after she helped my great aunt. The reasons in her termination letter (which I have seen) were "acting outside her authority as an employee" and "actions causing /company's name/ to lose a transaction or purchase" due to an incident on /date she helped my aunt/. Her manager verbally told her it was for "stopping that old lady from spending $700"

My family is angry on her behalf. She's only in her early 20s and is working full time to help her family while going to college part time at night. She was denied unemployment because she was fired for cause. My family would help her but we are not well off by any stretch. Was it even legal for her company to fire her for helping save a person from being scammed? Does she have any means to contest this? 

Thank you for your time.
I guess it's time for me to post an update to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5pbvb7/new_york_girlfriend_is_pregnant_i_want_the_baby/) post. I don't have a happy update however. So much has happened.

On the advice of this sub I went to a lawyer and did all the necessary paperwork. My girlfriend changed her mind a few times between wanting to raise the baby with me and wanting adoption but in the final weeks of the pregnancy she told me that I'm not the father at all. I thought she was lying so I asked to do a test. We went and did one of the prebirth blood tests and the result was negative. She was telling the truth. I wasn't the father.

I broke up with her her then. I was so heartbroken. She had cheated on me and made me think I was going to be a father for months. I was curious about who the father was though. I asked her and she told me that it's the man who is going to adopt the child from her! Yes. This man fucked my girlfriend and now wants to adopt his own baby from my girlfriend with his wife who had no idea.

I thought his wife deserves to know so I went to their house (when he wasn't home) and told his wife everything. She had a complete breakdown in front of me. I felt sad that I caused this but I imagine it was her husband who cheated on her that really caused it. She called my now ex girlfriend to get confirmation and she told her the truth then called her husband and that was when I left.

Now the baby is born and I've heard that my ex girlfriend and the man have moved in together in an apartment and are raising the baby! I guess his wife will divorce him soon.

It will take me years to recover from this. I thank you for your advice and help. It's sad that things turned out this way and I hope this baby grows up to be a decent person despite being raised by two cheaters. 
[Original Post](https://redd.it/8san7h).

Thank you all so much for your help and suggestions. First, a few things to clear up:

-We are NOT trigger-happy people looking to kill our neighbors (contrary to what a few comments and nasty PMs said). My husband has a handgun because he enjoys going shooting, and for protection. I am not thrilled, but as long as he is safe about it, it's not worth fighting over.

-We did not know the man was mentally disabled until AFTER the first incident. I feel our fear was justified given that a strange man followed us and our toddler home and then tried to open our door and window.

-I actually have quite a bit of compassion for the elderly and the disabled. I went to the house to speak with the caretaker to figure out how we could all keep this from happening again. I understand his hesitancy to give me any info, but I was trying to help the man rather than get the caretaker fired or have his license taken.

Onto the update:

After posting here, I followed the top suggestion to contact Adult Protective Services and filed a report. After filing the report, APS also referred me to the Complaint Resolution Unit, which deals directly with caretakers and aides under investigation. Because this had happened twice in three days, APS moved fast to visit the home and get in contact with the agency running the group home (note: they kept calling it a group home, but as far as I can tell, the man who followed us is the only resident there). The agency was very apologetic and horrified that these escapes had led to police contact twice. I was told alarms have been installed on all exterior doors so staff is alerted when he tries to escape. They will be bringing in additional staff as well, to ensure that this man has 2 aides assigned to him at all times.

The APS investigator let me know that the man is non-verbal and only understands very simple instructions, so simply asking him to leave our property wouldn't work. She mentioned that he hates being alone and probably latched onto our family because we looked safe. Apparently he also loves dogs and she thinks that's what caused him to come over the second time (we were in the front yard with our dog). Moving forward, I will be trying to arrange a meeting with the agency to come up with a plan in case this happens again. I'd rather not involve the police if I don't have to, so hopefully they will give me a number to call if he appears at our house again. Ultimately I'm very glad that this man will be getting the care he deserves and needs.
As the title describes, my stepson's mother took him to the dermatologist. The treatment he underwent was not medically necessary, but I'm glad he had the appointment regardless. That's not the point. 

The issue is that several months after the fact, my husband and I recieved a letter stating we were past due and owed the office several hundred dollars for the kiddo. This was doubly confusing, as my husband has used this doctor himself and they're a pay at time of service operation. I called and the office manager said the ex had said to just bill it to my husband. I advised her that, obviously, the ex wife is not able to speak for us financially, so what the heck?? 

Her response was that the insurance they had on file (from my husband's visit there three or four years ago) was under hubby's name so they thought it would be okay. I advised her that, first of all, the policy she was referring to had been canceled years ago and that the family has been under my company policy for over two years now. And second, billing an insurance company is a little different than sending an individual a bill without any sort of communication much less permission.

She told me I'd have to come into the office and update my stepson's insurance information and pay the bill and then they would submit it to insurance to reimburse me. I told her that the divorce agreement states that my husband pays the insurance premiums, but deductibles or costs for medically necessary procedures, emergency visits etc. are split 50/50. Non essential services are at the discretion of the individual parent, and we hadn't given permission for any of this. And frankly, I shouldn't have to be explaining this to her because she should know better than to send bills to people who aren't even in the office or in communication with the doctor. 

The office manager proceeded to tell me that "it wasn't fair" to charge the ex and then submit to insurance for reimbursement (this office doesn't collect from insurance, apparently, they submit for insurance to pay the policy holder back after the bill is paid) because the insurance company would send the check to me and I might just keep it. I told her that's wildly insulting to suggest and, frankly,  none of her business anyway. She's not in a position to dictate how we handle the financial specifics of the divorce. 

She repeatedly insisted my husband and I are liable for this bill, so before I head to the office and handle this in person, I wanted some advice. Does the doctor's office have a leg to stand on here? I just don't understand how a person who is not authorized to speak or spend on our behalf can just tell a business to send us an invoice?
EDIT: 
THANK YOU REDDIT COMMUNITY FOR THE OUTPOUR OF LOVE &amp; SUPPORT FOR ME I VERY GENUINELY APPRECIATE IT, ALONG WITH THE CONCERN FOR MY MENTAL HEALTH. AS OF OCT 2 2018 I HAVE CONTACTED THE DET. &amp; LEFT MY SECOND VOICEMAIL. 
I RESIDE IN A DIFFERENT COUNTY (US/STATE THING) THAN WHERE THE INCIDENT OCCURRED, BECAUSE OF THIS IT IS HARD FOR ME TO WORK WITH ADVOCATES DUE TO LIMITED RESOURCES BY COUNTY. MY COUNTY I RESIDE IN CANNOT HELP ME BECAUSE OF CONFLICT BETWEEN LOCAL GOVTS. THERE IS ALSO A SEVERE LACK OF VIC. ADVO. IN MY AREA, MANY OF THEM ARE ASSIGNED UP TO 200 CASES YEARLY. RAINN HAS RECOMMENDED ME TO A LAWYER DEALING WITH POLICE NEGLIGENCE &amp; MALPRACTICE, WHICH IS WHAT I INITIALLY NEEDED ADVICE REGARDING. I BELIEVE THERE WAS SEVERE NEGLIGENCE REGARDING MY CASE &amp; HOW IT WAS HANDLED. THERE ARE MANY MANY DETAILS &amp; FACTORS TO MY CASE NOT MENTIONED IN THIS POST THAT MAKE IT HARD FOR YALL TO UNDERSTAND WHY IM STRUGGLING WITH THE STEPS I NEED TO TAKE. IT CHALKS DOWN TO ME AS AN INDIVIDUAL TOO, PLEASE REMEMBER I WAS 18 &amp; HOMELESS WHEN THIS HAPPENED. IM NOW 20 &amp; COMPLETELY STABLE.. THAT IS A VERY BIG JUMP THAT WOULD NOT HAVE HAPPENED HAD I FOCUSED ALL MY ENERGIES INTO THERAPY &amp; ACTUALLY COPING WITH THIS TRAUMA. WHEN YOU ARE A FEMALE &amp; TOLD YOU HAVE LIED, &amp; THAT YOUR CASE IS DISCREDITED &amp; BEING DROPPED.. YOU LEARN TO LIVE &amp; LET GO. WHICH IS WHAT I WAS DOING ALL UP UNTIL I GOT THE VOICEMAIL YESTERDAY. ITS VERY VERY DISTRESSING TO BE TOLD SOMETHING DIDNT HAPPEN TO ME, &amp; NOW MAGICALLY IT HAS. 
THANK YOU AGAIN, THOUGH. TIME WILL TELL, IF THIS THREAD ISNT LOCKED I WILL DO MY BEST TO UPDATE HOW IT IS HANDLED BC I FEEL LIKE THIS COULD BE VERY USEFUL FOR SA VICS. IN THE FUTURE. 
STAY STRONG OUT THERE. 

late august of 2017, it is to my belief, that i was drugged, raped &amp; nearly strangled to death by two people i worked with. 

upon escaping the apartment i was in, i had to find someone in the complex to call 911 for me. the two people in question fled the scene, &amp; the local pd took 20 minutes to arrive.* 

    *i awoke completely nude, groggy. i quickly found my clothes &amp; got dressed. i heard the shower running, &amp; i noticed white powder around the cup of hot choc. i had been drinking. i light a cigarette &amp; grab my phone. the female in question comes out of the bedroom, &amp; asks what i'm doing. i tell her i'm leaving, that i don't care what happened &amp; that i just want to leave &amp; go home. she makes a slick move for my car keys &amp; i'm like ?? i'm just trying to leave dude. i turned around to grab my phone purse &amp; she jumped onto my back &amp; began strangling me. she puts me on the ground &amp; i go in &amp; out of consciousness. i literally thought i was going to die, i'm crying "why me, why me" saying my hail marys... i catch a moment to breathe &amp; my fight/flight kicks in. i take my cig &amp; burn her arm &amp; face.. she released &amp; i turned over &amp; grabbed my purse.. pulled out pepper spray &amp; sprayed her. i kicked her &amp; took off running with my purse out her apartment door. i'm screaming, "HELP CALL 911!" ... it took me forever to get someone to come out &amp; call 911. i was bare foot, in a flannel w no bra &amp; panties w some cloth shorts...


i was transported to a local hospital where i waited an hour &amp; a half for a SANE nurse. i was told she was on her way(aprox. 45 mins-90 mins) but i had a panic attack/existential crisis &amp; requested i be taken back to my car. *

  * the two people took off in the mans car. they locked the apartment &amp; therefore the police had to wait for a search warrant before entering the apartment to retrieve my phone &amp; keys. after getting the warrant, they go in &amp; my phone is gone but my keys are there. theres dildos, collars, drugs, blood &amp; a bunch of other weird ass shit i dont wanna talk about. they inform the officer thats with me &amp; thats when i decided to leave bc i needed to get ahold of my friends mom or someone. i was completely alone &amp; estranged from my family.. i was 18 years old at this time.

once i get my keys &amp; a way to contact my friends family, i go back to the hospital &amp; wait 14 hours to do a rape kit. i completed but once the SANE nurse left, i left. i didnt fully check out because it had been nearly 24 hours &amp; i wanted to go back to my friends &amp; shower &amp; fucking sleep. 

the days following, i have no contact with my detective. a full statement is never taken from me, &amp; the two people are still MIA. i end having to quit my job bc coworkers hear about what has happened. they think im lying, even thothe two people in question are shady with criminal records. i phone my detective 5 days later asking for an update, to which he responds hes, "been very busy withchild abuse &amp; domestic violence cases." &amp; he would, "do his best to try &amp; prioritize my case" i mentally shut down after this... i was 900$ in the hole with my phone being stolen &amp; had 200$ to my name after having to leave my job. 

for months i hear nothing, i leave voicemails with the pd &amp; det. &amp; i get no response.. email inquires never go far &amp; it was hard to get anything going. when i went to file restraining orders they didnt go thru because the charges had been dropped. the male cleared his name &amp; claimed i was on a consensual, rape fantasy esque lesbian escapade. that he tried to pull the female off me &amp; we got in a "cat fight" because, "you know how crazy lesbians are." (i am not a lesbian, &amp; had a boyfriend at the time) i was under the impression the female was suppose to be my friend, not a romantic interest. 
the whole case is apparently dropped, i'm considered a washed up, lesbian drug addict &amp; the dna is whatever.

today, october 1st of 2018, i received a voicemail from a det. at the pd claiming there was a hit on the male dna found near my peri anal, neck, &amp; thighs.. &amp; that they want to purse the case further....

what the fuck do is going on, what the fuck do i do


My bf and I are staying at an airbnb in Seattle, we're basically living in the bottom unit (basement) and the hosts are directly above us. Everything seemed fine. Last night I went to use the charging cube and cable they had in the kitchen, for some reason it wasn't charging my phone so I took a closer look at it and saw that it was blinking. We shined a flashlight on the cube and realize it was one of those hidden camera charging cubes. It was in the kitchen but pointed straight at the bathroom, which means it has footage of us undressing (completely naked) and walking into the bathroom to shower. 



The hosts never informed us about this and we are really uncomfortable with the fact that it has footage of us without our consent. We contacted Airbnb but they are not super helpful and now we are considering calling the police to file a report. Is it legal for us to take the files from the cube (direct USB connection)? 


update 1: We called the police non emergency line, they won't give us an ETA or when they are coming but we have to wait for them. We only have 2.5 hours left until we have to check out . . . so I guess we will sit tight until then

Update 2: the couple left and went somewhere while we waited for the police. The police eventually did show up, made a report, took the camera as evidence, and tried to get a hold of the couple but couldn’t. All my messages between myself and the host were wiped from the Airbnb app, I did not screen shot them but have copies of what the host said in my email. We are going to Mt Rainier for the next two days so I will keep you guys posted after. 

Update 3: Airbnb messages are back and I have full access now, will screen shot and keep safe! Thanks for all the advice and support, I’m just glad the police came and took care of it from there. Will look into lawyers once I’m back. Entering mt rainier now, will update later. 

Update 4: the host has contacted me and apologized stating that they did not know it was a camera and that some other guest had left it behind, they seemed a little upset and offended we would accuse them of such things. I want to give him the benefit of the doubt and hope that what he said was true. Airbnb refunded me the entire stay without me even asking and have temporarily suspended the host. They are starting their investigation and will communicate with the police. The police are still trying to see if they can get data off the device and are still doing their investigation. So that’s where I’m at, it’ll probably be a while before anything happens so I will make a separate update post when everything is settled. Thanks for the support everyone, it’s been pretty terrifying and now I’m paranoid at every place I stay but I’m trying my best to just think of it as an isolated incident! 
here is what happened, i have been stalked by a creep on facebook who kept threatening to kick down my door and beat me, and kept sending other threats to me about for a year, these threats had been reported to the police prior to the incident.

that same guy came to my door one night and kicked it open and he had a baseball bat in his hands, he entered my house and threatened me, i had a gun and shot him twice, as he dropped the bat and ran out the door, he tripped on a rug and fell down my steps and face first into the cement, knocking him out cold. police came, the guy was taken away by ambulance, then when released from hospitol. he went directly to jail. the guy is still in jail and being charged with home invasion first degree ,( this is in michigan by the way).

now i got a letter from the home invaders relative demanding i pay his medical bills and drop the charges against him or they will sue me and take my house and everything i got.

could i really be sued by this piece of shit garbage who tried to hurt me in my own home?

Original [here]
(https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/3buv0v/neighbors_dog_killed_my_goats_i_killed_it_now_he/)

This all happened several months ago and it did get a bit exciting so I figured I would update as y'all seem keen on those.

Short story: I got more than I originally asked for.

Long story: neighbor got drunk and tried to drive his truck through my house (presumably. He hit a tree instead). Tree fell over onto my roof and destroyed it as well as quite a few electronics in the room under where the tree hit as it was raining quite hard at the time. Neighbor ended up with a broken leg, rib and arm. I got home a while after all this happened and found him still in his truck so I called an ambulance and sat there to make sure he wasn't going to die or try to do more damage. Anyway after it was all said and done his insurance wrote me a very large check for the roof and electronics and I got a court judgement for nearly what I was asking ($4500) for the goats and damage to the fence. I'm currently in talks with another lawyer to find out what it will take to get the tree replaced.

And the neighbor moved away. Don't know if it's just because he thinks I ruined his life or if he just sold his house to cover his costs. Frankly, I don't care. I just want him far away from me.
Throwaway because of how embarrassing this is for me. Also I'm in Pennsylvania. 

I moved into a new apartment complex at the beginning of August and have had no problems so far. A couple of weeks ago, I called maintenance to take care of peeling paint by my back door. A guy came, he fixed it, and I thought the issue was resolved.

Fast forward to today, I've been extremely sick since the weekend. Today I got back from class, took NyQuil, and just laid down to sleep. I closed my bedroom door as an extra buffer against the noise my neighbors across the hall can sometimes make. I'm a deep sleeper anyway and taking it made me pretty much dead to the world. I had a fever breaking so I got incredibly hot before the medicine kicked in, so I stripped down to just my panties.

These next bits I'm fuzzy on because I was sleeping and didn't witness them. A maintenance guy came back to "finish my paint job" and let himself in when I didn't answer the door.  He saw my keys and stuff in my living room so decided to check if I was okay. He let himself into my bedroom and saw me there asleep. My blanket had become a tangled mess so he got a full view of my chest. He then put his finger in my mouth to wake me up. 

I was immediately woken by the finger and this guy told me all of this in a rush while I was incredibly confused and groggy. Then I realized he could see me pretty much naked and screamed at him to get out. 

This happened just a few hours ago and I have no idea what to do. He might be telling the truth about being worried but it really bugs me he went into my bedroom. It bothers me more he put his finger in my mouth because it feels more sexual than just, say, shaking me or something, especially since I was undressed. Should I just complain to the apartment complex? Or should I call the police as well?
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7btzy4/i_27m_was_raped_in_san_francisco_this_summer_and

I called the SF police, they set up a Skype interview with a detective. Making the report took well over two hours. It was tough. But doing it at all felt like a personal victory. 

A few weeks later the detective emailed me to say that, unfortunately, the club's cameras were not helpful. They did catch something on a nearby apartment complex's front door camera though. The footage is too grainy to make much use of, but they were able to see his approximate height and build. If someone is caught doing something similar nearby with a similar build, they *might* be able to get him to confess to it.

Not very high hopes, but it's something. At least I can say that I tried. 

Thanks for all your advice. I was lost and you helped me find the way. It's much appreciated.
What’s up /r/legaldvice? I have received some messages from people asking about how this ended, so I’m back with my final update on this thing. You may recall my last two threads:
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4cnlz7/toronto_landlord_let_cleaners_into_my_condo/
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4cse80/update_toronto_landlord_let_cleaners_into_my/ 

This is going to be long. There’s  a tl;dr at the end.

After those threads, I felt like I was probably correct in pursuing the landlord, but the comments were a bit of a mixed bag of advice. As I said I would, I sought council here in town. I saw a paralegal that was supposedly in this area of law, referred through the Law Society. What an enormous waste of time.

After I explained the entire situation to the paralegal and how I didn’t know if I should go after the property manager at the tenant board, or the cleaner in small claims, or both in small claims; the guy basically despondently nodded and said, “Yeah… That’s a real tough one… What do you want to do?”

It was frustrating that a legal professional in Toronto couldn’t give me any better direction than Reddit. I left no wiser than I arrived, and decided to just go through the process with the LTB and feel it out. It didn’t feel worth my time or money to seek additional council.

There was a preliminary hearing at the LTB in April where the property manager and I were each allowed to give our version of events, attempt mediation, and then the board member would determine if the case would go to a formal hearing. After telling my side of things, the property manager didn’t dispute any of the events. The board member said that the cleaner was an agent of the landlord, and advised the property manager they would be required to pay any damages to me that may be awarded. This was very good to hear, as it finally confirmed I was correct to go after the property manager and not the cleaner.

The property manager was cooperative and was pleasant enough to deal with. The board member asked us if we would attempt a settlement. So far, the cleaner had offered $600. The PM said they would add $400 to that for a total of $1,000. I said I would not take less than the full value of my items listed, because I was confident I could prove their value beyond what they offered at a hearing. No settlement was agreed on. That was unsurprising and made sense to me. Even though the PM was not contesting the events and was likely going to be ruled against in a formal hearing, it was in their interest to make me prove the value of my stuff and get an order from the board for that amount. Then they could use the order to sue the cleaner later. If they settled it could be difficult to get the money from the cleaner.

At the end of the preliminary hearing, the board member took down a “Statement of Agreed Facts” to expedite our next hearing, since we didn’t disagree on any of it. I’m not going to list them, but the gist of it is that they gave their copy of the key to my apartment to a third party without my consent and they removed my belongings from my apartment. It was very clear they weren’t fighting me on that.

The formal public hearing where the board would determine damages was a couple months later. I had receipts (mostly Paypal confirmation emails) for about $1,200 worth of my things that were taken. Then I had $400 worth of stuff where I had pictures of me wearing it with identifying brand markings and stuff showing, with print outs from web sites where it could be purchased to show the monetary value. Then about $200 worth of stuff where all I had was pictures because they were irreplaceable items that I paid cash for. I had my girlfriend as a witness to what was taken and to confirm brands of clothing items. The full value of the items was over $1,800.

I was expecting to be awarded $1,200 at least for the items I could prove exactly how much I paid for, which is why I didn’t settle for $1,000, but wasn’t confident about the rest of it. 

Before the hearings for the day started, the board member called out our names and said “Are you sure you can’t settle this one with the mediator this morning? I’m looking at the agreed facts here and…” He looked over at the landlord and kind of shrugged as if to say the hearing is a formality at this point. Nonetheless, the landlord wouldn’t budge on it, so we waited 4 hours until we were called up for our hearing.

After we went through all of the documents item-by-item, the property manager was given the floor. He tried to dispute the items that did not have receipts – specifically a pair of jeans worth over $300 (Yes, seriously.) The board member said that it’s not a criminal case, and it’s not up to me to prove beyond a reasonable doubt every single item I listed (Referenced *Maldonado v. M.E.I.,* [1980]). The burden of proof I had to meet for a civil matter like this was met through what I had provided. As the PM elected not to bring any experts, witnesses, etc. that could argue against the values I had stated, or to say the items I was wearing in the pictures did not match the products in the evidence I produced, he had no reason not to believe me. The board member said he did not even want to hear from my witness, because the evidence I produced was substantial, and there was no contest from the property manager beyond “it’s not a receipt”.

The board member ruled in my favour for the full amount that we discussed for each item at the hearing, and I received the order stating such a week or so later in the mail. On my way out of the hearing I asked the landlord what they were going to do. He said they had no interest in fighting it and would be getting the cleaner to pay for it.

A week or two later I received the cheque in the mail, from the cleaner. This was a few months ago now, the cheque cleared and the matter is resolved.

Thanks to everyone that offered their advice and comments in the other threads.

**tl;dr:**  Had a hearing at the tenant board and won. I didn’t have receipts for everything but the board member ruled that it’s not a criminal case and I didn’t have the burden of proving beyond a reasonable doubt what the value of my belongings were. I provided enough evidence combined with the fact that it was uncontested by the landlord, so I was awarded the full replacement cost of everything I lost - over $1800.

I'm a freshman at a good school in Tennessee. My dad is a really difficult guy and has just gotten worse since I left for school. To make a long story short, when I stopped checking in every day he started calling the dean, and when the dean's office stopped taking his calls he started showing up here. The school really had my back and banned him from campus. 

Now he's calling my friends and their parents and saying I have to come home (my mom won't take his calls anymore and the court won't make her). My dad says that I "lack the legal standing for self-determination" because I'm a minor, since in Mississippi you're a minor until you're 21. He says that he's hired a "youth transportation service" to "escort" me home. Like those people who kidnap gay kids in the middle of the night and take them to conversation camps. Bounty hunters for kids. 

I told him that the fugitive slave act is a goner and that I only have to obey the laws of the state I'm in, which designates me an adult with the right to remain unkidnapped. He said that I'm bound by the "long arm statute" and that I haven't even established residency in Tennessee because I've only been here since mid-August and I'm still registered to vote in Mississippi. 

So I guess my main question is my title: is he right, can he really send someone to kidnap me and take me back to Mississippi? My mom says this is just him being crazy and trying to intimidate me but obviously I want to cover all my bases.

If he's wrong, what can I do if that actually does happen? If some guy comes up to me and zipties my hands and says I have to go with him, do I? Can I fight back? If my friends are nearby and see me being kidnapped, can they help me? Since the episode that got my dad banned from campus, I've had a couple hefty guy friends offer to walk me back and forth from class. If one of them is with me and someone tries to take me, do they have to just let it happen, or do they have a right to help me not get kidnapped?

I think that's all my questions for now. Thanks!

Tl;dr: stopped talking to dad and he says he's going to have a bounty hunter bring me back to Mississippi because there I'm still technically a minor/child. Can he really do that? 
Recently a great aunt of mine died, and we needed to send a week in Washington State, and we asked a neighbor to take care of our five cats, two dogs, and 100+ chickens. We came back this morning and my parents had dropped me off at school this morning straight from the airport before heading home. While my dad was inspecting the property, he noticed that our 150-year-old giant sequoia was gone. My Great-Great Grandfather had planted the tree after returning from California, and it's not native to Northern Illinois but with the right care it can survive, you just have to be careful about windburn in the winter. Now the tree itself isn't that large because it's still young and the winters here (like this one that won't end because we have fucking snow in April) stunt its annual growth. Upon the first confrontation, the neighbor admitted he had cut it down but upon further questioning will say nothing/denies doing it at all and my parents really have no idea what to do from here, and I want to be able to help them.

Ninja Edit: my school lunch break is almost over and ill be back around 3:30 CST 
Update to this saga:

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7ts74q/accused_of_sexually_abusing_my_infant_son_by/

We've decided, for several reasons, to move to England hopefully by the end of this year. This was just the icing on the cake.

MIL has been informed and has threatened to get an injunction against us taking our son away from them. Pretty sure she has no legal basis for that at all so we're not too worried.

CPS did come, we had a nice chat and I also showed the agent a video of MIL attempting to break into our house while we were out, so she barely bothered having a look around.

Police were called on MIL, we have a restraining order in the works.

Thanks for the help and advice.
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/62hwid/my_teenage_son_is_being_sexually_groomed/)
[First Update](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/69aro6/update_my_teenage_son_is_being_sexually_groomed/)

This is to carry on the timeline and process for anyone else in a similar predicament. It's insanely long but hopefully thorough. 


We got an update from the detective a couple of days ago and I think things have come to a conclusion. I am so impressed with him and all he has done for us. I don't know if y'all will like how this is going to play out but we very much understand the "reality" of this situation. It's infuriating but indicative of the society we live in, especially in the south.


I want to clarify some details for ease of understanding the big picture. The person who was grooming my son is a woman around age 40. My son is age 15, turning 16 later this year. 


We've learned that predators have specific victims that they exploit; absent parents, kids with troubled backgrounds, low self esteem, access to the child, etc. On the surface, my son seemed perfect to groom.


We adopted him when he was 14 years old after only knowing him one month. He is black and we are white. He had a completely shitty childhood concerning his environment and people who raised him. Thank whatever higher power that he is the complete opposite of his upbringing. He has busted his ass to climb out of that hellhole and has succeeded every step of the way. This child has raised himself, we just give him the tools he needs to succeed faster. We gave him a complete fresh start with no attachments to his old life. We are not, by ANY fucking stretch, knights in shining armor, all accolades go to him. All we did was throw him a life preserver, he has done all the swimming. It is a privilege and joy to share his life, he is extremely humble, kind, generous, and stunningly well adjusted. He conducts himself with more grace and tact then any person I've ever known. 


He loves us and his new siblings fiercely, loyally, and very protectively. We feel the exact same towards him. This is our child, he is from our hearts, if not our bodies.


See, that's where Sick Bitch fucked up. She mistook his independence and our trust in him as indifference. Despite circumstances, our kid is a far, far cry from a 'troubled youth'. If anything, he is vulnerable, not an aggressor. She had no fucking clue of the depth and strength of our family. She didn't know the private side of our family life, only the public. She thought he was easy picking and, in a way, he was an ideal target. He has had to learn what is appropriate from parental figures and learn how healthy family relationships operate. He never had that growing up, he didn't know what is "normal" so he was easy to manipulate using a maternal approach. This is how he missed so many blatant red flags.


Her life: very attractive white woman, happily married for quite a while, strong leadership and ties in the local church, college degree, works with children... You get the picture.


Here's what it comes down to and I'll attempt to explain it accurately. In order to charge her with Sexual Exploitation of a Minor, there has to be "intent".The detective was unable to prove "intent". From what I understand, all of the grooming that she was doing must be for the purpose to promote a sexual relationship. Since there was no physical contact or her asking, saying, or obvious instigation that her actions were towards establishing sexual contact, "intent" can not be proven.  She was interrupted with her toe on the line. If this hadn't been caught at the precise point that it was, the detective is positive that she would have progressed much further. I am counting blessings over here.


Both sides of their stories, timeline, and events matched up perfectly. Her defense? She says that she had a huge lapse in judgement and it's being horribly misconstrued. She claims that she was acting as a friend, got caught up in a teenage mentality, feels horrible about the whole thing, blah, fucking blah, fucking blah.  EVERYBODY agrees that she was grooming our kid, no shadow of a doubt, it just didn't go far enough to prove sexual intent. We couldn't prove that she wanted to have sexual relations, only that she was viewing sexual material with him and discussing sexual subjects. Of course that is a relief but at the same time, I'm infuriated.


Hopefully someone with a better grasp of the law can explain this and make it easier to understand. We understand, it's just hard to put into words!


We were told that the DA's decision to move forward would heavily depend on our wishes. Moving forward would be weighed on proven evidence and on my son's testimony. The detective very tactfully and compassionately voiced our unspoken thoughts (my summation not his); It would be so fucking easy for a defense lawyer to make this my son's fault. Black, athletically fit, minor with a broken history, alone with a white woman who was scared or coerced into playing along. Upstanding white woman, relentlessly apologetic with hordes of people to testify of her integrity. Deep community ties up against the new kid in town.


It would be a breeze to turn preconceptions and insinuations into the "truth".


I cannot elaborate on this anymore it is too fucking enraging and horribly corrupt. I will leave all the rage to be explored in the comments... I could fill a novel.


If this were my decision to make, I'd do my best to destroy the bitch. However, this is my son's life - he would effectively be blamed during a trial, his life and history up for display, our family and parenting gutted and picked apart, and once again, he would live with constant stress and humiliation. Right now this is a private situation. If it became public, he is terrified of the teasing, hatred, condemnation, and frustration of exposing this person. Plus, we all know how this situation plays out in regards to older woman "fantasies" and the hypocrisy of how female predators are perceived.


At this point, kiddo's life has never been better and he is terrified to jeopardize his security and happiness. He has already paid dearly for shitty adults that abused him and he is adamant that he does not want to be the sacrificial lamb. He says does not want to give up his hard fought peace in the name of justice. We completely understand and support his decision.


We have spoken with the DA and have mutually decided to not pursue this due to the detriment it would cause our son.


During the conversation, the detective walked me through the steps in his investigation. He works the second shift so the majority of his legwork is conducted during the early evening hours. He asked me to read between the lines and understand that he had to remain professional and unbiased. He is a family man.


- She was provided a ride for all 3 of the interviews, conducted at times of his choosing and convenience



- All phones, personal computers, and other evidence was collected by several officers during late afternoon, early evening hours. It took around two hours. All of the spouses electronics were confiscated as well.



- Interviews were VERY intense and very very thorough. He elaborated more than this and it was VERY satisfying to hear.



- She was asked and had to account for every single video, message, and other evidence that was found on her devices. All the evidence corroborated my son's story perfectly, no discrepancies at all.



There were some more things but this is already insanely long. If anyone has experience with police investigations and can add anymore to this, please do!


All things said, more good came from this than harm. Though her actions were deliberate efforts to cause pain and destroy, the outcome brought forth love, compassion, and knowledge. My son now has even more strong, kind, and resourceful mentors in his life. Fuck her, she lost.


Thank you all so very much. Your kindness, support, and advice has been a huge source of comfort for me. Much love to all.










In 2009, while active\-duty in the Marine Corps, I had an appendectomy at the naval hospital on Camp Pendleton. The procedure was unremarkable and I went about my life as normal for awhile. Recently, I started having strange pains in my abdomen. Fearing the worst, I ended up getting a CT scan. One of the notes from the scan was "surgical clips present from a cholecystectomy \(gallbladder removal\)". 

Not having a gallbladder is news to me. No one told me it was removed. I've had digestive issues since then consistent with gallbladder removal, but I wrote it off as years of MREs and stress.

Do I have any recourse? Is the removal of an organ without my consent an injury for which I could potentially recover?
Thank you very much to everyone who responded. I really appreciate your all giving up time to do this. This is part update (first chunk) and then answers to questions (second chunk). 

So I lawyered up with a decent firm I’ve used before, and a day or two subsequently I was officially served with notice I am being sued for intentional infliction of emotional distress.

I didn’t state it in my first post because I thought it was not relevant but if any of the girls want to remove their poster they just need to let me know and it will be taken down immediately – although obviously they lose their free month of drinks. This is clearly written on the form they signed, which they all have a copy of. So I knew from the start it wasn’t a case of regret and the girl wanting the poster down. 

One of the first things my lawyer did was check with the girl’s firm if it was real and not a scam as several posters had suggested. Unfortunately, it was a real case, they provided all the documentation and stuff. It gets worse. They also sent him a scan of the girl’s passport and birth certificate when he asked, both confirming she is 16. They’ll be brought up in the lawsuit so there’s no question of them also being fakes. I checked her real info provided by the lawyers and compared it with the form and [as I now know] fake driving license she gave me. She used the same address on the fake ID but just changed her last name. It is clearly the same girl in both photos. 

She doesn’t want to bring the police into it and wants just a civil case. My lawyer met with hers and, just as /u/thewhitenashorne and other FL attorneys had suggested, made noise about how her possessing a fake ID is a felony and how about she just drop the suit and we stay even stevens unless she wants the police involved, but her lawyer basically told mine that it would be far worse for me if we got the police involved because of it being a naked minor, and also the threat of having my liquor license taken away, like basically as my lawyer explained it they have two cards to play (photos of a minor naked, potential confiscation of liquor license) and I have one of a much lower value (girl has a fake ID that's only a DL, not a passport or green card).  

Anyway, I have removed the poster and have locked it and the memory card with all the photos in the safe. 

I have had warnings in the past at the first bar I owned to ID more strictly (I’m from Europe where we’re more relaxed) and at this one too but we ask for a driving license/passport for everyone now so the police are happy. The guy telling me I accept fake IDs is wrong: I just do the bare minimum when it comes to accepting licenses because my business is serving alcohol to college kids, not being border patrol.  To the poster who asked, I have no idea whether or not it is allowed but loads of FL clubs and bars confiscate fake ID, particularly during spring break. 

To reiterate since some people were double checking this – yes, I collected and photocopied ID from all of the girls concerned alongside the forms they filled out. It is easy to match the forms with the relevant posters since I can compare the ID and the poster photo. 

I have notified the photographer although he is not named in the lawsuit. He told me he has insurance against this exactly for this sort of thing (he’s an erotic photographer) so wasn’t too bothered as I had done checks and asked for ID. The photos weren’t in his online portfolio as I had paid extra so I had sole ownership of the photos – he has no copies. 

I have checked with my insurers who will indeed cover this. The fact I have consent forms and proof of age made them and my lawyer a lot more happy. 

While some bars do indeed let younger people in, my bar’s policy is always 21+ only. The only way that girl got in was with a fake ID – she should not have been there legally. 

On an non legal point – I have received several abusive PMs about this competition, calling me a paedo, a rapist, a “scumsucking sleazoid” and so on. This competition was completely legal and completely consensual. I have run these sorts of competitions before in my bar every couple of years and have never had any problems yet. I appreciate that the bars some of you may frequent are not run on the same model or are higher class that mine, but bars like mine work this way. Cheap alcohol at a bar near frat and sorority houses means I make a killing and this just encourages business. If you disapprove that I don’t own an expensive trendy hipster bar aimed at young professionals, serving pumpkin spiced craft beer with Lena Dunham quotes on the walls, just ignore the post. Don’t PM me a load of self moralising abusive bullshit.

I have also received two PMs asking me where exactly my bar is in Miami since they fancy coming for a drink. It doesn’t seem wise to reveal this stuff on the web – particularly in the middle of all this -  so sorry, no. 

That’s all for now. Obviously if anything happens I will update at the end of the case. My lawyer has said I should hold fire on updating you till then. Thank you all once again for your help. 



I live in Louisiana. Yesterday when I came from work I my furniture and all my stuff was on the lawn of my apartment building. I went to my apartment and the key wouldn't work. I went to speak with the superintendent and he said I had been evicted. I was not given any notice, I have lived in this building for six years with no complaints, have always paid my rent on time, I just renewed my lease for a year in July and I already paid the rent for September. He said I wasn't getting my September rent or my deposit back because he had to pay to change the locks and for movers to come and get my furniture out of the apartment. There was also a bill for the rest of the outstanding costs with my stuff. He told me I had until night fall to get my stuff off the lawn or he would call the police. I did call the police but they said it was a 'civil' matter. He is also withholding my mail until I pay the outstanding bill he says I owe. 

One of my neighbors was nice enough to guard my stuff but someone made off with my TV and my cookware. I called a friend to come help me take my stuff since I didn’t want any more of it to get stolen.  I stayed at the friend’s place as well last night. I have proof that I paid the lease for the year and that my September rent was paid. I was never given any notice. I called the company that owns the building and despite speaking with three different people I was told they won’t intervene in a dispute between a tenant and a superintendent. A couple of neighbors have texted me that the woman now living in my apartment is pregnant and probably dating the superintendent. She told one of them she didn’t want to live on the top floor (where there are open apartments)  so her ‘hunny’ gave her this one instead. I have no idea what to do now because the police and the building owners won’t listen or help me, I’m practically homeless, some of my stuff was stolen and I can’t even get my mail.
My apartment is close to a few good bars so often after work its hard to find a spot, so I mocked up a fake "Permit Parking Only" sign. It worked really well until I woke up to a parking ticket for not having a permit, how do I fight this? Or do I just need to embrace karma of it all. My place is in Wilmington, Delaware.
Last Thursday a process server came to our house and served a subpoena for a criminal case on my daughter, who was born on April 15, 2015. I called the number on it to explain how it must be a mistake because my daughter is not even 3 months old yet but I was told there was no mistake and my daughter is required to appear as a witness to testify on the date shown on the subpoena. I went in person with my daughter to the DA’s office and was told the same thing. My husband and I thought this might be a case of identity theft. She doesn’t have a social security number yet because she was born at 29 weeks, spent 11 weeks in the NICU and has only been home from the hospital for 7 days so we haven’t gotten around to it yet. We checked anyway just in case and one has not be created for her or issued to her. Nothing with her credit either. We called the police about it possibly being identity theft and they are looking into it but so far there is nothing and they also told us the subpoena is legitimate.  So we are very confused. My daughter has a rare and uncommon first, middle and last name, so it is very doubtful that there someone else with her exact name. When I called the number on the subpoena and went to the DA’s office I was told both times that if she doesn’t show up for court a warrant will be issued for her arrest. Would the police actually arrest a baby for not showing up in court? Or would my husband and I as her parents be arrested instead? Does anyone have an explanation for what is happening here or any advice as to what we can do to solve this? I swear I'm not trolling, I wouldn't believe this myself except it is actually happening to us. We are in California.

I thought I would update you guys on what has happened.[original post ](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8a1jug/or_my_town_is_refusing_to_enforce_the_law_on/?st=JGPE3EOL&amp;sh=daa7a314https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8a1jug/or_my_town_is_refusing_to_enforce_the_law_on/?st=JGPE3EOL&amp;sh=daa7a314) 

But first I will clarify some things.

1) this isn’t a race issue, my town is over 95% white. I am actually a minority, this issue is about my police force/ town not wanting to be mean on people who are poor and braking the law.

2) I have no idea why my neighbors like to be in my yard. I have nothing in my yard and haven’t since November other than a dog house, rocks and wood rounds. No fruit trees, pools, playgrounds, or toys. My guess is that they especially the woman lack boundaries 

3) the pattern that I see is that people who live in a legitimate house ( regardless of if they own or rent) are ignored when someone damages their property. My neighbor had her car windows smashed, even with security footage and the kid bragging about what he did, the police refused to do anything, because his parent are poor ( they live in a trailer park)

Now for the update.

I went and spoke with my towns mayor. He understood where I was coming from and I have a date to address my city counsel with the issue that I am having with the police department, and the cities current stance on enforcing laws.
I was also informed that the state of Oregon passed a law requiring almost all towns and counties to allow Additional dwelling units (ADUs). My mayor has asked me to help lead a committee. To make my towns laws favorable to all parties as they try to come into compliance.

As for my neighbors ( the renters) well, they are in some hot water.
 A few days after I made my post my friend (who is a mandatory reporter) was house sitting for me. She witnessed the renters boyfriend beat one of the grand kids with a belt. She called DHS and the police. The police did nothing, and DHS took the report. The police not doing anything ( they didn’t even show up) pissed my friend off. My friend talked with a individual from the State’s police who they know from work. They let them know something is seriously off about the renters, and that the local PD doesn’t want to deal with it. 
Well over a week ago I witnessed a guy shooting up while the crazy neighbor lady talked to him. I called the my counties drug task force and reported it. Two days later the county raided the “dwelling” and arrested the neighbors( the renters), the daughter and another person, all for dealing Heroin. The kids taken into protective custody, and me and a few other people where questioned about everything.

My county and state police are now in the process of reviewing my towns police force for corruption, Apparently they have had corruption issues several times in the past. 





Quick update from my post earlier. https://np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/72chq3/philadelphia_pa_just_moved_into_new_house/

My landlord called me after reading my email. He was really shocked that the previous tenant did this, said the guy didn't have any criminal background and wasn't shady or anything. Whether that's true or not I don't really care because my landlord is awesome and made everything right.

He's coming over tonight to install a completely new doorknob and deadbolt set, and said he plans to have a locksmith rekey it between tenants from now on. He went to the old tenant's new apartment and confronted him. The guy claimed he thought it was his and it was an honest mistake and gave it back to my landlord. I call bullshit, because the house was completely empty when I moved in, this dude knew he didn't leave anything behind, but whatever. The guy apparently also said he didn't take any cash, but my landlord told me to just take $200 off the rent next month because he feels partly responsible for not changing the locks and doesn't want me to feel shitty about my new place right off the bat.

Now I told all of this to a friend at work who thinks the landlord was in on it and is just trying to fix it now so I don't report it. He thinks it's too good to be true that the landlord could get the laptop back that quickly and then be so generous to just give me $200 of his own money. My friend is kinda paranoid so I'm taking that with a grain of salt, maybe he's right but my gut says this was just a shitty tenant and a good landlord taking a small financial hit in order to have a happy tenant. 

I'm really happy with how everything turned out. I will be setting up a little hunting camera pointing at my front door so that if the landlord does end up being shady, I'll catch it if he comes in or anything. But for now I'm going to trust my gut and believe he's a good dude.

Thanks everyone for all your advice, I learned a lot!
Hi all,

I hope it's ok to post this here. I just want to say a big **THANK YOU** to this community. 

I can't find my original post, since I deleted my older account, but more than a year ago I posted on here asking for advice about sexual harassment during a job interview and some of you told me that what I had described was more than harassment, that it was assault. By that time I had already taken the job, for many reasons I won't go into and thinking that something bad couldn't possibly happen again - don't judge, the therapists and social workers explained how my reaction was in fact normal. Trouble is the man sexually assaulted me again, and also hit me.

Now, that's where you guys come in: commenters on here had suggested I talk to my boss about all that happened and tell him what he did was not OK, but said I should do this all **in writing**, which *I did*. Lo and behold, since the police refused to talk to the witnesses who were present (I couldn't believe it either), **it was the written messages *you* suggested I write that proved my case**! So THANK YOU!

But wait! There's more! After the incidents I was broken and couldn't work for 6 months. During that time, and because of the comments on here + the insane amounts of alcohol I found myself consuming, I did some research online and came across various resources for victims of sexual assault, which helped me rebuild enough of my dignity to keep going (rebuilding myself is an ongoing process). But my gut told me to press charges and so I did, and check this: the man was taken to court. Turned out he had raped another woman not a year before he assaulted me, and had I not pressed charges he wouldn't have been taken to court unless he assaulted someone else and *they* decided to press charges. So I think it's not presumptuous to thank you on behalf of the other woman.

As for the verdict, given everything I've seen here in the Netherlands, I wasn't expecting much but I felt I'd won a battle on behalf of victims everywhere simply by having my case taken seriously, and another when I learned he was going to be taken to court. The fact that he was found guilty comes as a bonus, even if his punishment is a couple week's community service. Yup, that's it, a little community service.

Again THANK YOU for your help!!!
I had worked for this employer for nearly 10 years in IT.  Wife is 12 weeks pregnant we decided to be proactive and talk to our employers after telling close family so they can hear it from us before the rumor mill.  Wednesday this week I sat down with my boss to let him know and discuss how to best plan projects around the time I'll be out in six months.  On Thursday I got a meeting request for a "planning meeting" that afternoon, not thinking anything about it given the previous days conversation, until my boss is walking me down to HR.

HR informs me my position is no longer needed and that the layoff is not performance based.  They offered a small severance and then inform me they'll be hiring a new position in the department and that I'm welcome to apply.

This was a non-union job.  There were no other layoffs in the company. There have been no talks of restructuring or downsizing in our department.  I had a good performance review last quarter, just like every year I had been there.

Besides the loss in pay, we used my medical insurance and my wifes employer doesn't offer any, so I'm feeling pretty hung out to dry about the whole thing.  Aside from trying to negotiate a better severance package, was this on the up and up?

EDIT: Not on the up and up.  Per Gavinmac, FMLA notification is a protected action upheld by Wehrley v. American Family Mutual Insurance Co, and after reviewing the case law to confirm that it's a good fit, I am contacting an attorney this morning.  

EDIT 2: I want thank everyone on r/legaladvice. Reddit never ceases to amaze me.

EDIT 3: Shutting up now, will post update once it's over.
To preface this:

My dad was gifted the house and property that we currently live on by his mother in 1991, it's right below where her house used to sit. She died in 2006 and a woman and her husband bought her house in 2010 and claimed they bought our property as well. My dad informed her that he had owned the property since 1991 and had proof, then took her to court. In court, she did not hire a lawyer and tried to represent herself. The judge told her that she couldn't claim rights to our house because she didn't buy it or own it.

Earlier today, she left a handwritten note on our door that said:

"I have a buyer for this property and you have 30 Days to evict the premises."

We're speaking to our lawyer tomorrow, but I am very stressed about it right now and am wondering if she has any chance of being able to evict us? 

Thanks for any responses.

EDIT: I made a few calls this morning to some local offices. It is for sure that we own the home on the land but there’s no document of who owns the property. The lady I spoke to said, “there was a deed and then just wasn’t” so we’re going to a deed office today to clear it up. 

EDIT 2: Here is the letter:

“Mrs. [My mom’s name], I, [Crazy Neighbor], owner of the property, is giving you 30 days to evict the premises. We are in the process of selling the property and already have a buyer.”

EDIT 3: We spoke to some people this morning and apparently it’s still very muddy what happened. As far as we can tell, there was a mix-up somewhere between my father receiving the deed from his mother and the crazy neighbor buying the property above us. At this point it seems the best option is to lawyer up. 
I got a pager duty alert tonight, after getting a warning about one of our servers basically becoming unreachable. I arrived, and fixed the issue, but as i was leaving i could hear people faintly talking. So i thought it must be a coworker working late or something so i decided to pop in and say hi.

Turns out it was one of our executives having sex with another coworker, in plain sight in her office. I immediately apologized and said i saw nothing and left really fast.

Unfortunately not long after that she sent me an email stating we need to discuss what happened last night. 

A few things:

* She is not my boss, as i am in IT and she works in a completely separate department
* I have proof of me being called into work, and being asked by my direct boss if i could pop in and fix it. 

I am worried and wondering if i should tell my boss, or what should i do legally to protect myself? 
This is in CA for legal purposes. I'll just get straight to it. Back in Nov 2017, my wife and I were looking for a daycare place for our (then) 4 months old son. We found this order lady who said she'd been doing this for awhile, and had since scaled back in recent years. She only took on infants, and only about 4 at a time. She was close by, had a playroom for the kids, a binder detailing their typical day, and a checklist of the items she needed daily from us (food, diapers, etc). All seemed well.

Skip to now, and for little reasons here and there, my wife and I had a conversation that something felt off about her. For peace of mind, we put an audio-recording device in his car-seat. We listened to it last night and, to say the least, not all is well.

From what we can gather, she leaves our son in his car seat all day long, only taking him out once to change him when he pooped. After dropping him off, he cried for maybe 30min straight, then just seemed to give up. For the next five or six hours, you just hear him blathering, or whimpering, or scratching the car seat. Sometimes he cries, until he gives up. It was difficult to listen to. In the background, you never hear her, just the TV and occasionally another baby crying.

Obviously, he's not back there today, nor will he be returning. We made up some excuse, telling her I'd be staying home with him all this week. We don't want to tip her off just yet, because there are other kids in her care. My question is, what can or should we do about her? Who do we report her to?
So this is a probably a really weird question for me to ask but it's a weird situation and I'm not really sure what I can do. My house is on a corner lot. Two years ago a newlywed couple moved in to the one house that’s beside mine. Right away they started making weird comments about the color my house was painted (yellow) and soon switched to outright demanding that I paint it a different color. My house was painted yellow when it was built it, I like the color and there is no bylaw against it or anything. They have called the police on me about it as well as the city, both of whom told them to pound sound because I hadn’t done anything wrong and there was nothing they could do. They also tried suing me in court (the suit was thrown out and they had to pay my legal fees) and getting our other neighbors together to form a Home Owner’s Association in the hopes eventually I could be forced to paint my house a different color. Our other neighbors also told them to pound sand and they have basically alienated themselves from everyone else in the neighborhood at this point. 

I recently had to go out of town for something. I was gone for two weeks. When I got back two days ago my house was gray. Seriously. I actually almost drove past it because I’m so used to my yellow house. I knew immediately who was responsible but when I went over and knocked on their door no one answered. I think the couple figured out that I was away and not just at work when they saw our neighbors collecting my mail for me, because I sure as hell never told them I was going away and I know my other neighbors hate them too and didn’t tell them. The neighbor from across the street came over and showed me pictures that he took of the painting company setting up and doing the work. He said he and another neighbor called the police but the painting company had a valid work order and had been paid so the police couldn’t do anything. He also told about it but because they were paid to do the work they said they had to do it to avoid being sued. I called the painting company to get a copy of the work order and it was in the name of a “Ms. Jane Smith” and was paid for in cash. A redheaded woman and her redheaded husband came to the company to hire them (my neighbors are both redheads) saying they would be out of town and would like their house painted while they were gone. They gave the painting company pictures of my house, taken from the street. 

I have a surveillance camera at my front and side doors and in my backyard because I work shifts and as a woman living alone I don’t want some stranger breaking into my house and waiting to ambush me when I get home. My neighbors never set foot on my property at any time so they can’t be charged with trespassing and they didn't do the painting (which was actually done properly). When I called the police they re-iterated that since the painters were hired, had a valid work order and were paid to do the job, they can’t be charged with trespassing because it was reasonable for them not to know and they were acting in good faith and didn’t cause any physical damage to the house. Also the neighbors can't be charged with trespassing or vandalism because they didn't come on my property or touch the house themselves. I don’t know if I can sue anyone because there was no actual damage or harm done to me or the house. My neighbors still have not answered their door or shown themselves. I am pissed off beyond belief because I liked my yellow house and I can’t believe how fucking crazy that they have been. I wish I could show a court or city council how psycho they have been over this. I want to know if I have any recourse or if I can do something to get them to pay to paint the house back to yellow. Does anyone know what I can do to get them to fix this and paint it back?

Edit: I live in the state of Louisiana
Yesterday my neighbor’s rabbits got out of their cage. They ran into my front yard. She comes over and tries to catch them with her grandson and granddaughter. 

One of my cats walks close to them. She tells her grandson to “get it” and he proceeds to kick the cat repeatedly until it runs away and hops up on my front porch. (I should add the cat was nowhere near her rabbits. He is just a very friendly cat and was coming to greet the neighbors.) Then the grandson hops up on my porch picks up a large plastic bowl my kids left out and starts whacking my cat in the head with it. His grandmother was watching the entire time and said nothing. 

I caught the entire thing on my nest cam. I wasn’t home at the time or I would have confronted them as it happened. What should I do? Should I even try to call the police?

Edit: Called the police. Showed them the video. They said the boy’s actions were not ok, but filing a report would basically amount to nothing. They did offer to go speak with them. My husband walked outside and heard the lady yelling at the police officer. 

Thankfully Mittens is fine. https://i.imgur.com/JQ4hk36.jpg

Edit2: Can’t figure out how to post a video, but here is a screenshot of one of the attacks. https://i.imgur.com/Gd768LP.jpg
[Original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5r4lco/washington_state_neighbor_is_currently_video/)
[Update 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6sjjwt/update_washington_state_neighbor_is_currently/)

It’s close to a year now that we’ve dealt with the worst of my neighbor. Almost a year ago, we achieved the success of having an anti-harassment order granted. That summer, he was arrested for harassing us, and he stopped with the cameras and the noises.

But something was a-brewing behind those closed doors.

Around early November 2017, we had a knock on the door one evening. It was an officer asking if we had heard gunshots in the area. We had not. Soon into our conversation, he mentioned it was our neighbor who called and complained. They were aware of the situation and assured us that despite the situation, they have to respond to all gunshot calls. I was honestly not surprised that after all the quiet, something started up again.

The next day, a police cruiser parked across the street from our home. I was expecting someone to knock again and ask about gunshots. No one came to the door and the officer sat across the street watching my home for over an hour.

The next day, I emailed an officer I had been working with previously regarding the situation. The officer told me that my neighbor had been calling 911 every single day on my address for gunshots. By the time I got an email back it had been a week.

Every. Single. Day. This man was coming home from work, eating dinner, tending to daily life, and calling 911 on us for shooting guns. The officer said he would look into seeing if this counted as harassment through a third party.

The new year came and went, and in early January, I emailed the officer back and his response was simply that the city prosecutor wanted to set up a phone conference to discuss the plan going forward.

The city prosecutor mentioned to me that at that point in time, my neighbor had still been calling 911 every day. Even the morning of the conference call. She said they contacted all of my other neighbors to see if they heard any gunshots, and asked if they would testify that they have not heard anything come from our property. They also plan to charge my neighbor with some counts of harassment and wrongfully utilizing emergency services.  Part of his deal with the arrest over the summer involved him able to avoid jail time by having good behavior, and they are looking for their time back essentially. His arraignment date came, and his pre-trial was set. Came and went. It’s being continued until next month. 

I am worried that he will try to continue this case until the end of time. Our anti-harassment order expires soon and we will have to drag him to court once again to renew it, and spend more money. Things are starting to feel pretty dim again and honestly, the recent continuance knocked the wind out of my sails. All I can do until I am called as a witness/victim, is wait.


This is an update to my [other post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6bpe8s/my_circumcision_went_horribly_wrong_many_years/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=front&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=legaladvice).

I talked to my parents. Turns out they used the money to buy the house that we live in and start the business that my dad runs. My dad showed me that I have ownership of the business as well relative to the amount that my money was invested in. He said he will start paying me money from the profits which I will use for education. They said since I'm an only child all of this will come to me anyway.

I'm happy about all of this. I had prepared myself to hear that the money is gone but now I feel bad for ever doubting my parents like that.
I talked to a lawyer on Tuesday and they took the case.  Thank you for all of your support, without it I wouldn't have known what to. The image of my dad's last moment haunts me. Yesterday was my graduation from lvn school, we made plans and those plans couldn't come true. He was looking forward to the future and always have a destination he wanted to go to. It kills me that I was the one who brought him there,  he was happy for a moment but traded his whole life for it. 
http://m.imgur.com/mu7QoEx  I went back to get the watch that we picked out. Even though it was difficult, I needed to get the item that he wanted. 
Original:  https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7bgy1s/new_landlord_hates_privacy_help/

It looks like I'm staying, but I took control of the situation.

Not long after posting, it became apparent at work that the length of time I would be needed on this project is significantly lower than outside estimates originally said.  Finding new arrangements seemed impossible.  I mentioned what was going on at dinner, and included at the table was the company's lawyer, who I know, who offered to review the lease in an unofficial basis.

Wednesday morning, I called police about the stolen curtains because I wanted a paper trail.  They gave me a police report, but were uninterested in speaking to my landlord.  I reported the theft to my insurance, gave them the info on who stole them (texts from landlord), and they said they would be contacting someone in the city.  It's only $200, but it's the point of the thing.

I next bought room dividers, which in no way shape or form can be considered curtains, blinds, etc, but block the windows while still letting in light.  They were only $40 each.  At the same time I searched the whole apartment--vents, lights, etc, and can't find any cameras as someone suggested.

By that time, my friend who is a lawyer called me.  She did a little review of the lease and the local laws.  She said Baltimore has really shakey laws on when a landlord can come in.  But pointed out that in my lease there is a clause that says the landlord will notify 48 hours prior to entrance, and will call prior to entering in case of emergency.  She drafted me a letter to send to my landlord.  Her name won't appear anywhere, but said it can be on my company's letterhead. The letter details some of my rights as a tenant, quotes the lease and reminds him he is bound by these rules as well.  I signed and sent it immediately.

I had mentioned wanting a security camera, and my company is arranging to have a camera sent that will automatically upload video offsite, work for an hour battery life if the electricity is out, and operates on cellular so it doesn't need wifi.  It will be here tomorrow.

I also made the decision to send my PS4 and my cameras back to my home.  My personal and business laptops I will just keep with me while I am out of the apartment.  This leaves the only real valuables as my tv and the security camera itself.  Everything else is books, clothes, and kitchen things. I ordered a sign for outside that says the property is monitored by security cameras, and got a jam for the door that holds it closed while I am inside.

I'm prepared for the landlord to make my life hell, but if he breaks the lease my plan is to ask the company to move me into extended stay hotel for the duration of my trip.  It will be more expensive for them, but that's company policy for trips less than four months.  At the moment, I feel as safe as I can in this situation.

Updates:  Landlord texted me "Sweetie, I didn't think you'd be like this."

Responded: "I'm not you sweetie, I'm your tenant.  My name is ----.  Please use it."
Ontario Canada 
5 years ago when I was 18 I won a “lifetime” supply of chicken nuggets from a good brand and yesterday I contacted them after going to buy another box the cashier confiscated my lifetime card and told to contact the company when I called them the rep said they wouldn’t give me any more boxes of nuggets as I had hit my lifetime supply of 30 boxes 

How the hell is 30 boxes considered a lifetime supply at 18 living till about 70-80 that’s only like 1 box every 2 years 

We don’t have a contract I just had a card it said nowhere on it about a 30 box limit in fact It didn’t say anything only had the company name and the barcode 

I do have the certificate I got with the card (somewhere in a box) that states it’s a lifetime supply card and congratulations stuff like that but i doesn’t have any fine print on it unless I need a black light to see it 

Can I do anything about this I want the lifetime supply I was promised and I believe they should honour it and I wrong ?
About three weeks ago, I was admitted to a psychiatric hospital due to various problems. It's a long story, but the short version is I have schizoaffective personality disorder and I was not taking my meds properly. After I was stabilized, I was discharged, but it has come to my attention that something is terribly wrong.

The hospital has placed a wire in my arm that I believe acts as a tracking device. It is quite obvious, especially when I flex my arm-- I can see it bulge in my wrist. I tried to take a picture but imgur is not letting me upload.

This has caused me great distress. I stay locked in my house because I'm afraid of going somewhere or doing something "wrong" and getting forced back to the hospital. I've also become concerned about my medications. If the hospital staff inserted a wire without my consent, what have they done with my meds? I have Zyprexa and haldol, but I dare not take them now.

I have a few questions about the legal aspect of all this:

1. The insertion of the tracking device without my consent-- surely that's not legal? My understanding is the patient has to consent before a medical procedure is done.

2. The distress caused by this, does that count as damages? Should I sue?

3. How on earth do I get the wire removed? I don't have money to pay a surgeon to remove it. Can I get the psych hospital to pay for it?

I've called several law offices in my area and explained my case, but no one has called me back. I feel so isolated and I'm getting desperate. Please, somebody help me.

**EDIT: Thanks to everyone who has talked to me. I guess legal advice is not really what I needed. I am calling an ambulance and getting help.**
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/75huhy/can_my_parents_force_me_to_change_my_religion_im/

I'm happy I never said the words and never converted. But my life has been hell in the last 9 months. My parents did all the things that they said they'd do me, and a lot more. It even became violent which my mom always denied and said they're self-inflicted. After several CPS visits I am now taken away from them and my father is being charged with domestic violence and I think my mom is also facing charges.

I've been in foster care for a few weeks and it's nice to be honest. Other kids in this home are also nice and at least everything is normal and I feel safe here. I hope I don't have to go back.


Iowa City, Iowa. One of my coworkers recently began called/texted me overnight saying his car was towed while he was out to dinner and he needed a ride to work in the morning. I have never given him a ride nor told him I WOULD give him a ride, but I am the only other employee who lives close to his neighborhood.

I did not see the messages until I was on my way out the door, at which point I responded saying that I was unable to give him a ride.  Since our office is about 7 miles from where we live, I assumed he would take the bus (which has a pretty straight shot to that area), a cab or an Uber/Lyft. Instead he apparently decided to walk to work. I did not suggest that solution, to be clear. Apparently after walking 3 miles he became tired, fell, hit his head and hurt his arm.

He is now threatening to sue me saying that I failed to give him enough notice that I would be unable to drive him. By his logic, he contacted me before midnight and gave me 8 hours notice, but I only let him know I couldn't at 7:45, "forcing" him to walk.

I am assuming (because frankly this sounds ridiculous) that there's no way this would hold up. But, I'm also an anxious person. So, what does /r/legaladvice think?  Thank you for your time.
I'm 17 and 2 months pregnant. My parents do not allow me to get an abortion and they've grounded me. I called the planned parenthood in Wichita but they said they need consent from parents. But now I can't leave the house unaccompanied at all.

Do I have any options? I really don't want to have a child right now. 

State: Andover, Kansas.
I bought a house 18 months ago which was a member of the HOA. I did change the front door of the house to something a lot more secure. 

About a month ago, in the middle of a weekday I noticed two people trying to open the door with keys which weren't working, I confronted them (while my wife called the police) and it became apparent that they were officers of the HOA trying to look for an infringement.

There is a section in the CC&amp;Rs that says "the association is entitled to access the homeowner's property with reasonable notice" and also a section that says "the homeowner may voluntarily submit the property keys to the association, however once submitted the association is not required to return the keys. Submission of a key which does not work may incur a fine determined by the board" which according to them, the keys to my property has been submitted (I'm assuming the previous owner have done so).

I have spoken with two board members who said they suspected that the keys that they hold for my property may have been fake and they've authorized their officers to check this out. They say according to them, in this case as they were searching for an infringement, reasonable notice means no notice to ensure that I won't have time to replace the locks.

And now I've received a $1000 fine because the keys submitted for my property to the HOA are fake. I have talked to a board member who tells me that their interpretation of the contract is that once a real key is submitted, the key must be kept up to date at all times or a fine is warranted. 

They also told me to not fight this as according to the bylaws the HOA is entitled to recover their legal fees from me in case I bring them to court or they bring me to court. So I'll lose either way because legal fees will end up costing me more than the fine itself. 

Not sure if it's relevant, but the office of the HOA looks a lot like a leisure room. They have a pool table, a bar with a fancy fringe and a ton one drinks, a large TV and couches and stuff like that. And this isn't an amenity that is available for the people in the neighborhood, this is the "relaxation room" for the HOA officers and board members who are all old retired people. I definitely felt like this fine is for me to fund whatever they have going on there. 

Help? I also want to add that this is a house. Not a condo or apartment. 
I'm 22 and so is my fiance. I was in a bit of a jam after losing my job and thus my health insurance, so we decided to just get married earlier than anticipated in order to get on my fiance's health plan. For some context, I have Turner Syndrome so I have a very child-like appearance, and I was doing some treatments with my doctors that can only be covered with insurance.

We planned to marry in our state, NJ but the requirement was we needed a witness...which neither of us have any offline friends and neither of our families approve of our relationship so we decided to marry in Pennsylvania since it is more lax with marriage requirements.

So we get the license and set a date at a courthouse. We go there, and like many other times in my life, the people around were horrified at the prospect of a "child" getting married. I provided adequate proof that I am over 18. The judge takes one look at us and he is clearly repulsed. He refuses to marry us, and basically told my fiance he should be "ashamed". 

Is it legal that he refused to marry us? We were treated pretty badly and with disrespect. The clerk also assured us nobody was going to be interested in marrying us so we should just not try again. Is there any way we can compel a judge to marry us? We are originally from NJ, trying to marry in PA.
I'm 21 and my sister is 19. We've lived in this house our entire lives. Our parents bought this house 27 years ago. They joined the HOA about 15 years ago.

My dad died 5 years ago, mom died 6 months ago. We are now the owners of this house.

We've been visited by the HOA multiple times, they're citing that we're not a single-family home anymore since our mom has died. They've told us that according to the terms, only a single family can be resident in the homes and being single family is defined as a person or couple and their legal unmarried children. This meant that my mom could live with me and my sister as it was a single family according to the definition, but me and my sister living here after our mom's death means we are two families of single adults. They want one of us to move out so that this place becomes a single family home again.

They've visited us FOUR times now asking us to leave. They say they don't like to sue our of respect for our parents but they will do that if we continue to refuse to comply by the community rules.

Can they kick one of us out of our own house? What should we expect and how can we fight this? 

Edit: location is Washington state.
Need advice or help about traveling home to the US.

​

On August 15th, I flew from the US to Croatia with a stop-over in Munich. My return flight to the US is scheduled for September 4th. I booked my flights through online 3rd party budget ticket agent.

​

My problem is that apparently the airline is saying that I was a no show for my flight from Munich to Zagreb in August, even though I was on the plane. They cancelled my future flight with them on September 4th claiming it is their policy to cancel return flights if a passenger no shows. (But again, I didn't no show. I was on the flight.)

​

I have called my travel agent company multiple times but get the same answer - they tell me every time that they need to verify with the airline, put me on hold, and then tell me the airline will not budge - the airline shows me as a no show and won't reinstate my return flight. The travel agency says there is nothing they can do since it is the airline's policy and the agency wants me to purchase a new return flight, which I cannot really afford, and don't think I should have to anyway.

I called the airline directly and they keep saying that their register is showing me as a no show for the Munich to Zagreb flight. But I was on that flight. When I arrived and boarded the plane in Munich, I was told there was not an actual attendant to check us into the flight so we were guided to scan our tickets and board the plane, which I did, along with the other passengers. There are people who sat next to me on the plane and I had conversations with who can witness I was there, besides airport CCTV which I am sure can prove I boarded the plane and exited the plane in Zagreb. I have a visa stamp in my passport from going through the boarder in the airport. It is so scary to me to think this airline allowed someone to board the plane and has no record of them on the flight. What type of security is that??

​

I need help - I am at a stalemate. I am not sure what to do since I was 100% on that flight and it is the airline who made the mistake. I have been recording the names and numbers and taking notes of all my conversations. Can anyone give advice on what I should do? I have 3 more days before my planned return flight should leave. Any help is greatly appreciated.

​

TL;DR My airline made a mistake and said I was a no show even though I was on the flight. Subsequently, they cancelled my upcoming return flight reservation. Neither the airline nor my travel agent will fix it, as they both push it off on each other.

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT:

Thank you all for helpful advice and support! There are definitely some suggestions made I would never think of and I will definitely look into. Just some additional information and updates:

Yes, I'm US citizen.

As someone mentioned about the luggage, I did have issues when I landed in Zagreb, none of my checked bags made it to the destination. Looking back, if they thought I was a no-show they might have pulled it from the plane. However, when I landed I didn't know that was a possibility and just thought my bags didn't arrive. I immediately filed a lost baggage claim, called the airline and they confirmed that my bags were on the next flight to Zagreb. I received my bags the next day. While on the call with the airline there wasn't any mention of me not being on a flight.

&amp;#x200B;

I've spent the afternoon on calls with the airline and they haven't changed their position, although they agreed to pull the flight manifest and notify me when they have more information.

&amp;#x200B;

I had already thrown away my printed boarding pass and luggage tags. I'm making a customer services complaint with documentation of an e-boarding pass, iPhone location data showing me in Munich airport and then after the flight to Zagreb airport (the times match the flight), passport visa stamp and luggage tracking sticker. I'll attempt to get the lost luggage form from the airport as well.
Went to HR this morning and played the audio from the phone call. I also pulled the emails between me and the EVP and handed them over to HR. 

The Chief Personnel Officer pulled me into his office and made me play everything for him. I told him the full story of eveyrthing about the former employee and the EVPs attitude. 

To make him completely understand that I would not let this get buried, I told him that the former employee knows the whole thing. Said that I planned to leave at the end of the week if the EVP situation does not get handled. (Did not tell him about the new job.) 

The CPO thanked me for my honesty, which by the way was a major red flag for me, and said he would be contacting the COO immediately. 

At lunch I was pulled into a meeting with a junior HR person to talk about my performance review. We do not have performance reviews. 

It went badly. 

I was given 5 minutes to pack up my things at my desk and leave. I had had an email typed up on my phone and sent it to the CEO detailing everything. I had typed it up as things happened and pretty much knew I would be cut today. 

Luckily my access had not been cut yet as I received the CC to my personal email back almost immediately. It received a one sentence response of "Thank you for bringing this to my attention." 

So all in all I am pretty sure they will not do anything. They just do not realize how many people are leaving with no notice Friday. A LARGE number of people know. 
This is in West Virginia. Throwaway because she knows my regular account and wouldn't want anyone else to know about this.

My girlfriend and I went out for dinner then bar trivia and drinking. I only had a few drinks the whole evening but she had 5-6 mixed drinks and was very drunk. When it was last call I decided to drive her to her house in her car then uber back to my car and go home myself since I had work the next day.

I put her in the passenger seat of her car and started driving to her house but on the way I hit an awful pothole and busted a tire. I pulled over in a parking lot and started to change the tire but left the keys in the ignition so she would be warm since it was pretty chilly out. 

I jacked the car up and was proceeding to change the tire when a police car pulled into the parking lot and I thought he was going to help me out but instead he asked me if I was drunk. I told him I wasn't and explained I was taking my girlfriend home since she had been drinking. I took a voluntary field test and breathalyzer and blew under the limit. 

He then looked into the car and saw my girlfriend half asleep in the passenger seat and asked her if she was drunk and she said she was just sleepy. He then made her get out of the car and do a field sobriety test, which she failed, and then the breathalyzer where she blew a .10 (legal limit in state is .08). He then placed her under arrest because the keys were in the ignition and she was the only person in the car and intoxicated. Please note that at this time I had NOT finished changing the tire so there were only 3 wheels on the car at the time.

He took her to the city station and after I fixed the tire I went down and bailed her out. My question now is if it was actually a DUI. It seems very silly to me that she was charged since she was buckled up in the passenger seat and there was only 3 wheels on car at that time. We don't want to go through the first time offenders program if possible since it requires a plea and she is afraid it could affect her graduate work at the university. 

Thank you.


[Original Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7iq9fh/maryland_taken_by_emts_against_my_will)

For those of you who may remember me from a while back, and those who read my original post just now, you're probably wondering why I'm bothering to post this update in the first place. I'll get into that later, but the short answer is that I believe the responses I received to (and the subsequent consequences of) my original post here played an important role in causing me to do a serious amount of self-reflection which resulted in me making serious, positive changes to my life. I suppose you could even call this update a thank-you of sorts. Anyways, on to what actually happened after my original post 8 months ago.

As my edit to the original post implied, I did not get what I wanted from my original post. What I wanted was a bunch of people to tell me what I wanted to hear, and to provide an escape from the consequences of my own reckless behavior. What I got was a whole lot of people reminding me that there was no one to blame but myself, and that I had to now face the consequences of my actions. Naturally, I refused to accept this, and went ahead and "consulted" a lawyer. I say consulted for the lack of a better word, as it was more like said lawyer showed me the door shortly after I pleaded my case. 

This, however, did not deter me. If anything, it only invigorated me further. I decided on pro se representation. The first step was, of course, collecting evidence. And by "collecting evidence" I of course mean showing up to the fire station that housed the ambulance that picked me up drunk and demand the information I wanted. Luckily, this was at approximately 3am, and only one firefighter was awake at the station at the time.

I suppose I should count myself extremely lucky as he did not immediately call the cops on me, but instead sat there patiently and listened to me as I screamed unintelligible nonsense at him. Even offered to give me a ride home using the departments utility truck. Needless to say, I did not acquire the information I sought out, so I returned home and passed out. 

When I woke up, I woke up to a shit storm. The original post I had made here had apparently been cross-posted to another subreddit, which somehow led to me being doxxed and humiliated by almost everyone who knew me. Even my boss laughed at me. Suppose I should be grateful that I wasn't fired. 

In any event, the humiliation led to me taking a step back and looking into my life with an outside perspective. I hated what I saw. I hated it so much that I swore to myself that I would change. And somehow, I did. Sort of. I never actually ended up filing anything with any sort of court. Good thing too. Would only have served to waste my money and humiliated me further.

I came to the conclusion that I was a functioning alcoholic. A few months ago I began to try the AA route. It was hard, and I released a few times, but as of posting this update, I am over a month clean. I don't really want to get into the details of my recovery, but needless to say the slap in the face I got from the doxxing of the post I originally made here really helped out. 

I won't bore you guys with the details of how I proceeded to clean up my life after that, but I consider myself I seriously different person than I was 8 months ago. And it's all due to a chain of events that was borne from the original post I made to this subreddit, and for that, I'd like to thank you guys.

I suppose I don't have a single reason for actually posting this update, but I hope you guys know that your advice does help people, even if it may not be in the way originally intended. I'd always like this story to be an example for others is situations similar to mine. Really makes true the old saying that if everyone else at the table tells you that you're drunk, then you probably are.
As an update to [this](https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/885tsp/kid_in_school_playground_across_the_street_threw/) thread for anyone interested or who finds themselves in a similar situation, the school ended up paying for all repairs to my vehicle. According to my insurance agent, the magic words are "custody, care, and control;" the school was acting as guardian of the boy, therefore it was fully liable for the damage he caused.
I’ll call my mothers friend Ron. Ron comes around a lot, I’ve known him for a couple of years so I trust him. I was walking home alone around 3 pm yesterday.

 I see his car pull up close to me, and he offers me a ride because my home was a 10 minute walk away. Because I trust Ron, I get in the car with him. This is the first time we’ve been alone. We start a normal conversation, but it slowly changes towards boyfriends and asking me if I have one. When he pulled up to my house, my mother wasn’t home. 

He starts rubbing his hand on my thigh while I’m in the passenger seat and asks if he can come inside and wait for my mom. I told him no because my mom will be awhile. He insists. When we went inside, thank God my older sister was there. When he saw she was there, he decided to leave. As he was leaving, I felt a little ‘pinch’ on my ass as he was walking from behind me. I was so nervous I didn’t know what to do. How should I tell my mom? Should I just ignore it? I’m just really confused. I’ve always trusted Ron. 

Edit: I’ve also posted this on relationships, someone referred me to this subreddit &amp; I live in Florida.

**TL;DR- my mothers 35 year old friend Ron gave me a ride home and caressed my thigh and pinched my ass. How should I tell my mom? What should I do?**

update: https://www.reddit.com/r/TooAfraidToAsk/comments/94icwh/update_14f_my_mothers_friend_35m_made_me/
Edit: I’m fine and my mother and I have contacted the police. Thanks everyone for your support.
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6xjs4q/california_we_are_a_small_indie_porn_company/

There is a lot to discuss. We did a little research and turned out her stories about getting married and her husband wanting the videos to go down were lies. She in fact is starting a membership program on her own website and wanted to use that excuse to get our videos at reduced prices, to post them later to her own website. She wanted to use the exclusivity to get some of our paid members and have a larger library at launch.

Once she realized that we know of her plan, she offered to pay the full $700,000 however, we declined since we have no interest in allowing her to use our videos to compete with us. She even offered to pay $1 million if we agreed to take down the videos immediately upon the sale. We of course declined and informed her that we are no longer willing to discuss terms about selling our copyright. One other small studio that she has worked in the past had already fallen for her lies and sold her the videos at non-competing prices. We're happy we didn't.

We learned a new lesson. People lie in business to get better deals. 
I'm twenty, and I work part-time as an assistant at a small daycare in California.

There is a four year old who speaks very very little and poor English. Knows the most basic of words but is at the level of maybe a two year old English-wise compared to the other kids, including several who are both native Spanish/English speakers. Basically knows "yes", "no", "juice", etc. 

He's only been here for less than a month and I've seen his incredibly limited vocab double in that time. I'm embarrassed to say it but I'm very uneducated about this type of thing and I thought he was speaking Portuguese or something similar up until last week. The kids are split into small groups by age and I'm usually not in charge of his group unless it's at the end of the day, in my defense.

The hosts of the daycare are very into nerd culture and some of the daycare is very decorated with (child friendly) sci-fi and fantasy stuff. I'm not too into it myself but I like listening to them and I (usually) like their passion.

One day I was curious what language the child was speaking so I looked up what Portuguese actually sounded like and realized it wasn't that. Looked up a lot of languages and for the life of me could not identify it. The single dad who picked him up looked like a nice dude and one day he was one of the last people to pick up that day so I asked him what language his kid spoke.

The bosses of the daycare were there too when I asked and they all suddenly got big smiles on their faces and explained to me in depth that the guy was a linguistics hobbyist who was trying to recreate an experiment where he raises his kid to speak a language from the tv show Star Trek (klingon.)

He explained how at home he only has spoken Klingon (which is apparently a real full language) to the kid and that's all he knows. My bosses LOVE that he is doing this and he does too, he told me to look up the experiment and read about it. My bosses even learned a small bit of the language themselves so that when they talk to the kid they don't say it. 

It sounded kinda cool at the time but I didn't really think about it too much. When I looked it up I found out that the guy who did it taught his kid Klingon AND English at the same time. I assumed that this guy was doing the same and I just misunderstood but when I clarified next time he confirmed that the kid was ONLY being taught Klingon on purpose and he was going to try and continue the "experiment" for as long as possible. 

He also told me about his blog and I checked it out where he describes this all and he basically states in it that he is fully aware that this will make it "slightly" hard for the kid to speak english later but that the experience is worth it. He even has limited the kids intake of media very severely so far to avoid shows with a lot of speaking/words.

The kid is fairly isolated and generally acts a bit socially "off", if I can say that without being mean. Not like misbehaving but he clearly has small issues interacting with kids his age who all talk a lot already.

I've brought it up casually with my bosses but they basically love this dude and what he is doing and don't see a problem with it. I feel terrible but I feel like I should report this? Is this child abuse? This guy basically is mispurposely not teaching his kid to how to interact with other people for the level of "it's just a social experiment bro", it's nuts to me.

If I'm wrong and this isn't dangerous I apologize. It feels awful to me though. I like my job otherwise but if I had to lose it for this i could find another one, have some savings, i feel too bad for this kid.
Hey everyone! By the examples I saw, it seems I should link my original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/72h3rm/oregon_neighbor_cut_down_several_trees_on_my/

Anyways, rather than updating the original post again, I wanted to let everyone know where I'm at! This is beginning from the end of my last update on the original post, which detailed how I went to the police, found the company that did the job, and called the city to find there was no permit issued/documentation related to my address. Below is the official update!


I have called a lawyer! After some in-depth searching and a few calls, I have connected with a relatively local lawyer (I'm a bit rural) and we talked for about an hour. He wanted ALL the details I had, especially when I mentioned the arborist; he asked for the number and told me was going to ask for additional information from the inspection that would be important for a lawsuit. He also gave me the number of a surveyor, and told me I should call them asap. He then set me up with an appointment at his offices next week after the arborist's visit. As far as the criminal charges, he told me that was my call, but we could talk more about it next week. He did comment that making a police report was a smart move, so thank you reddit for that advice!! Lastly, he told me not to contact the neighbor anymore, to get a written/signed testimony from the witness neighbor, and to report any documents in the mail from either my neighbor or the company that did the job, as well as refusing contact should the neighbor come to my door. I asked if I could continue updating you all and he said that was fine so long as I don't disclose personal information (which I won't obviously!)

So it looks like I'm taking my neighbor's ass to court! I hope somehow I can get my trees back, even just having new ones planted. That area of my property is so barren now :'( I'll be sure to update if more information comes to light that I can share, and of course, if it gets there, to what happens when it's all over! Thank you so much again for the advice!!!
I woke up at 5AM this morning to screaming. My neighbor's son, who is 13, tried to get over my 8 foot privacy fence. He used a ladder on the outside of the fence and then jumped the 8 feet down. He landed badly and broke his leg.

His leg was visibly broken so I called an ambulance. I asked him to tell me his parents' phone number so I could call them but he refused to give it and I didn't want to leave him alone in my yard with a broken leg so I waited until they arrived. A police car showed up first and they did not want me to leave so one officer went to get his parents and the other stayed with us. The parents got over just as he was being put in the ambulance out front and the first officer was writing down what happened with me out back. His parents went in the ambulance with him and the police told me they would contact me if they needed anymore information. So I never spoke directly with the parents.

The receptionist at my workplace said that he showed up looking for me this morning just after 8. She said he was visibly angry, swearing and implying that she was "hiding" me from him (I was just not there). He identified himself by name and told her to send me the message that I should man up and find him before he finds me. They said he also specifically brought up that he went to my house and I have locked my gate, so he can't get in to see where his son fell.  They will be calling the police if he comes back.

I am hoping for answers about the following questions that I have.

1. Based on the account from work, the father seemed extremely angry, even for the circumstances, and even a vague threat is still worrisome. I was planning to talk to the police this afternoon and inform them of what happened at my workplace. Unless there is any reason I should not do that?

2.  I am intending to contact my homeowners insurance this afternoon and alert them to the situation. Also want to confirm that's the right move.

3.  As I said he specifically brought up the fact that when I left my house after all this, I locked the gate. There was not a special reason for this, I just keep it locked all the time and saw no reason not to, the police had not mentioned anything about coming back for any reason. If the child's father does want to look inside my yard at the area where he fell, should I let him, or should I not? And on that note, should I talk to him in general or should I be going straight to have everything go through a lawyer?

Thank you for any input you might have. I think there's a firm grip on this, I just want to make sure my plan is right and I'm not setting myself up for anything here.

Edit: Florida
Hi, I am a 16 year old female from Montana.  Today my parents found out by looking through my texts that i am lesbian.  I live in a very small, very religious community and my father is a pastor at church and very respected.  After they found my texts, they told me they are going to send me to "camp" so they could get the "demon dyke" out of me and they also told my girlfriends parents, who go to our church and are close family friends about their daughter too.  I haven't had ANY contact with her in three days and they wont tell me what is going to happen to her either.  Before this, I have never been abused, my parents have always been good to me, they are just really closed minded.  Is there ANYTHING I can do please?  One kid who went to the camp two years ago came back and killed himself after two months of being back, his brother said he had bruises all over him, I AM SO SCARED!  I don't think I am a bad person because I love other girls am I?  I cant stop crying, I miss my girlfriend who I have been with two years and I dont know what to do, please help!
Thanks to everyone who sent suggestions and gave advice on how to proceeded– especially to those who recommended a CO detector... because when I plugged one in in the bedroom, it read at 100ppm. 


**TL;DR: I had CO poisoning and thought my landlord was stalking me.**
Throwaway Account for obvious reasons

Quick background: I work in IT Security, but have a few side jobs that I do for fun/extra money. One of those side jobs is repairing laptop computers, tablets, cell phones, etc. I also do custom PC builds for people as well.

So, the way I network is through word of mouth, and business cards. Long story short, a guy at my kickboxing academy approached me and asked if I could fix his laptop. He told me he was having performance issues, and complained that his PC freezes and blue screens with no warning.

I go through the normal routine, and have him sign a contract agreeing to pay me for my services, as well as granting me full control over the device while I carry out repairs, etc. 

He agreed, and asked that if the computer can't be fixed, at least recover his files to the best of my ability and place them on an external drive for safe keeping. 

Now, I have a big disclaimer that I have the person sign off on that literally reads as follows: "I will respect the privacy of your data, however I will look into any area that the problems you're having may lead me to. That being said is there anything on the computer that you would not want me to see?" if the user says yes, I tell them to clean up the computer and bring it back when its safe for me to look at. I'm not interested in looking at naked pictures of the guy or his wife, for example. This guy said no, and signed off on the disclaimer.

long story short, the laptop was an older model but I was able to get everything up and running again. However, this is where the story gets messed up. 

After running a quick virus scan on the machine, I notice over 100 malicious items being found. 80ish of which were located in ONE FOLDER. So, I crack open the folder to take a look, as a lot of people download malicious software without really knowing what they're getting into. 

Well, I found an entire series of photos and videos on the computer. I clicked one (stupidly) and saw a young girl (pre-adolescent) engaged in sexual activity with an adult. The others had similar file names, and were clearly pornographic videos and photos from what little I could see in the thumbnail. Honestly, I've never felt more sick to my stomach than I did last night when I saw that picture.

My mind is a mess right now. I couldn't sleep last night and I'm not really sure what to do. I took screen shots of the file system to prove that they were last modified/viewed BEFORE I received the computer as to not implicate myself in any way. 

How in the Hell am I supposed to report this?

PS: I live in Indiana
&lt;edited to add location - incident happened in Austin, TX, I live in FL&gt;

I travel a lot for work, and am a Type 1 diabetic who uses an insulin pump.  The pump manufacturer told me when I received my new pump that it cannot go through any x-ray machine, full body scanner, etc.  When I go through the TSA line, I hold my pump out and tell them it cannot go through.  


Every time before this particular incident, they understood the protocol when I give my spiel, take the pump, let me pass through the full body scanner, have my carry-on x-rayed, then as soon as I step through the full body scanner, they swab my pump, hand it back to be, and I go on my way.


This time it was different.  I did my usual spiel, held my pump out, and the TSA agent seemed flabbergasted.  She grabbed a plastic bowl, put my pump in it, and set it aside.  Told me to walk through the scanner, which I did (with no problem).  She told me to wait for another TSA agent to come and swab the pump.  No problem here.  Unusual from what I was used to, but I'm okay with it.


Just some context, my blood sugar was high and I need that pump attached to me to take extra insulin to bring my blood sugar down.  I didn't take any extra before going through the line, as I thought I'd get it right back, as I always do (after they swab it of course).


A couple minutes go buy, and this TSA Agent keeps going about her business waving people through the line, with me still standing there, and her not acknowledging me.  I walk over, tap her on the shoulder, and say "hey can you please address my pump as I need it back."  She says yes but I will need to call another agent over to swab it, and radio's for another TSA agent to come over to address.  I wait another couple minutes (felt like an eternity, and I am starting to feel like shit from the high blood sugar, coupled with the anxiety from being ignored).


I tap on her should again, express the urgency, and again she says sure and radio's another TSA agent over to swab the pump.  Another couple minutes go by, and no other TSA agent is responding, and she is going on her merry way scanning other people through the machine.


Here's where is fucked up.  I was so paranoid and out of it from my high blood sugar and lack of insulin, that I grabbed the pump out of the bowl, attached it to my body, and went to my gate.  


About 45 minutes later, 3 TSA Agents came to my gate, took me back to the scanning area, and interrogated me.  I was fully cooperative, apologetic, explained the medical condition, etc.  After I explained everything, they were very nice and apologetic to me too.  But they said they had to fill out an incident report.  Photographed my drivers license, the pump, me, etc.  Said I would be getting a letter in the mail, probably a warning, and not to stress about it.


Fast forward a week later and I get an official letter from the TSA in the mail saying I need to provide my side of the story, stating that I was in violation of Title 49 Code of Federal Regulations (C.F.R) 1540.105(a)(1), which is subject to a fine of up to $13,066 per violation.


The letter does not provide the actual language of the above Regulation, nor an assertion of how I violated the Regulation.  They stated I have 20 days to provide my defense, in writing, with any information that I wish to be considered in their investigation.


A few questions:


1.  Should I consult an attorney and have them help me draft my response?

2.  If not, how should I word my response?  I can't refute leaving the TSA area with my pump (which I admit, was stupid, it was caught on camera).  


3.  Will my medical issues provide them with enough mitigating circumstances to drop the case against me?   I am thinking right now about explaining why I acted the way I did, and ignoring the fact that I walked away like an idiot.


Thanks in advance for any help.  $13k is a shitload of money.  Will I face jail time if I cannot pay?  I was an idiot, but felt under duress due to my medical condition and the TSA negligently withholding my medication. 
[CA] I took my citizenship oath and I registered to vote that very night online! 

So that's it for my immigration journey and fear of deportation.


I haven't kept up with what happened to the president of the club once I took my oath to be honest. I can't offer any juicy resolution there. My attorney was the one to update me on that situation, but once my naturalization happened and USCIS was permanently off my back, my pro-bono attorney dropped off the map (which it totally fine because legal aid attorneys are probably drowning in cases and I wasn't a priority anymore. Please consider donating to a local legal aid. They work so hard.)

So that's it. I'm here to stay. Thanks for all of the support and kind messages sent my way. It definitely balanced out the death threats and kill yourself messages. 

Yep, my dentist was a fraud. I have had extensive dental work done here, including implants, an extraction, and several crowns. The news article I read said that she has damaged a lot of people’s teeth. I did have issues with my implant, it actually came completely out after lots of pain and me trying to convince them it was loose. So what should I do? I’m thinking I should go to another dentist to have everything looked over at least. 

This was not a hole in the wall shady operation, this is a very large, nice dentist office. There were no red flags, and everything seemed completely normal other than the issues I had with the work. 

What action should I take, if any? Thanks in advance! 

I am in Georgia, USA.
I never thought I would have to worry about my son being hurt at school. And not even a month into kindergarten. What happened was that my son gave his friend a picture he drew and the kid next to him took it from him and tore it up. So he told him that he was going to to tell the bus driver and the kid punched him in the face. All the kids got off the bus except my son. The bus driver told me that there was an incident involving my son and another kid. I get on the bus and my son has a bloody nose, blood splatter on his arms, his shirt and pants. His dad had to fill out a report about what happened. My son was spitting up blood for over an hour. Me and his dad took our son to school the next morning and tried to have a meeting with the principal and said that she wasn’t In at the moment. And that they would contact me before the end of the school day. And they didn’t. That was my fault, I should have called regardless. I asked them if there would be any disciplinary action towards the other kid and they didn’t really give me a response. He even took the bus home from school that day! He wasn’t suspended from school or from the bus. It’s almost like he just got talked to and nothing happened. What should the school be doing? We live in California.I want to know what I actions I can take to make sure that this kid won’t ever bother my son again. 



EDIT: Thank you all, thank you so much for the advice you've given me and for the outpouring of love for my husband,Ian, Kevin and me. Thank you for the numerous private messages I recieved, and for the multiple offers I got to open up a gofundme for our legal fees. Fortunately my parents and in laws who took Kevin in as easily as we did already offered to help us pay for all of that, but thank you from the bottom of my heart for your kindness and empathy.

After some recommendations from commenters, we contacted our local LGBTQ center and shelter to do the right thing at the right time. We will meet with them and their lawyer tomorrow, and they already gave us 2 recommendations for family law attorneys they worked with. We will then proceed as our attorney sees fit, and I will update you on Kevin's fate. Thank you all so much, you are a great community. Keep on loving.


Last year my son [Ian, 15] befriended a new kid at school [Kevin, 15]. On NYE, Ian asked us if Kevin could spend the night because his parents were out of town and he didn't want to be alone. The next morning, Kevin left but came back 2 hours later asking Ian if he could stay one more night. It wasn't a problem for us. After the third night Kevin stayed at our place we asked to call his mother to check she was okay with him staying. He said she didn't care and refused to answer when we pressed further. Atfer a bit of debating, we took Ian aside and told him we didn't mind Kevin staying but if he had run away from home we should know and let his mother know he was safe. Ian then told us that Kevin's mother had threw him out and didn't want him to come back. Ian wouldn't say why so we asked Kevin to join us and told him unless he told us the whole story he couldn't stay because we didn't want to be liable for anything.

Well in the fall Kevin fell in love with another boy, and he decided that NYE was a good time to tell his parents because he wanted to start the new year by being himself. His parents didn't take the news well and told him "Get the fuck off my house". He then spent the night at our house thinking they were in shock and went back the next morning to talk to them. They didn't change their mind and forbade him from going back, saying he would rape and corrupt his young brother and he was no longer their son and wouldn't be until he found his way back to the "right path". He started crying when telling us the story so we left him alone. I asked for his mother's number which he gave me and I called her saying Kevin was at our place and could we talk to them to see if things could get better. She basically told me to fuck off and to keep her "sick deviant son" or to just put him on the streets and forget about him.

Of course I wasn't about to do that. So I asked if we could come get some of his stuff like clothes and school material. We went there (just my husband and me) and while we gathered Kevin's belongings, she kept insulting him and his homosexuality and telling us we would rot in hell for helping him. My husband told her to shut the fuck up and we came home to the boys.

Kevin has been with us since then. We kept sending his mother texts and pictures and updates in hope she would change her mind and realise that her son needs her. We were waiting for her to come back and take him back and be a fucking parent. So we just let time slip and didn't do anything. We treated Kevin as our son and grew to love him as such.

Last week was his birthday. We threw a party with friends and family and invited his parents. During the day, Kevin got a text from his mother saying : "15 years ago I gave birth to a son and today I wish I didn't. You live in sin. I can no longer call you my son as I can't have love for a twisted human. I wish you no harm but I don't wish you happiness and as long as you think it is normal for a man to love another man,  you will no longer be part of the family. Enjoy living with the sinners you belong to".

As soon as Kevin showed us the text my husband was in the car to go see her. She told him basically the same thing. Either we keep Kevin or we throw him out, she doesn't care. There is no doubt, from the multiple times we tried to talk to her, that she won't change her mind. We asked Kevin what he wanted to do, and we had a meeting with his therapist (we sent him to therapy around February because he started cutting himself, refused to eat or leave his room). Kevin wants to be free of his mother.

So my question is, what are the steps? Can he be emancipated? Can we get legal custody of him? Can we adopt him? We always had hope his parents would change his mind but after his birthday we know they won't. We love Kevin as if he were our son and we don't want him to suffer any more than he already has suffered. My husband and I are not educated when it comes to the law and we are at lost. Any advice will be more than welcome. Thank you.

Tl;dr: Our son's gay friend is living with us since January. His mother doesn't want him to be in her family anymore. What legal steps can we take so he can stay with us and be legally free of his parents until his majority?
California. 

Hey there! So I lawyered up - a huge thank you to legal aids and nonprofits! 

It made it a lot easier. Police report was filed- and the registration has been retracted as a fraud (pending investigation). I have the president of the club admitting to it in e-mail because she freaked when I told her my lawyer would like to have a word about the situation. She said: "I wouldn't have registered you to vote if I had known you were a fucking illegal." All communication was given to police. 

My lawyer contacted USCIS and explained everything and provided the police reports, and they said they should be kept informed but they were taking no action as of now. 

My attorney isn't worried as the fraud is well documented. 

So that's about it. No deportation. 

And all of this has led me to finally apply for citizenship. Woo! 


[previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9a0g9j/my_employer_refuses_to_recognize_my_legal/?st=JN101W9B&amp;sh=d4d1c83a)

TLDR of precious post: I have a common law marriage in Texas. In my state it has the same rights as a traditional marriage. I filed it with my state and it’s legal, employer told me it isn’t and wouldn’t let my husband have spousal benefits. 

Well, four months of numerous emails, phone calls, and escalations and they finally decided to acknowledge my marriage. It took me contacting a lawyer and threatening legal action before they contacted their own legal team and (I assume) went “whoops, this could be a lawsuit.” Then we magically got a voicemail that said “we confirmed your husband.” No explanation for the change of heart.

I want to thank everyone who helped me on the previous post and brought to my attention that spousal benefits are tax-free while domestic partnership benefits are not. Everyone in the HR department knows me by name now, probably, so hopefully won’t have a problem this large in the future.
My son was never a good kid, from very young he pushed boundaries with everyone and got really into drugs and alcohol. I'm saying this because it explains a lot.

He first started using heroin when he was 15. According to him he basically got addicted immediately. But when he was 19, after being kicked out of the house, arrested a couple times, he Came to us and finally asked for help. He eventually got clean and stayed clean for a little over a year, was starting to put together a life.

He got his first job at age 20. It was as a busser at a local restaurant. Though he was excited at first, eventually it became clear this was a toxic environment.

One of the owners, who I will call 'Sara' took a particular dislike to my son. She would call him and other busser with a similar backstory (1+ year sober addict) "the junkies" to their faces. She would steal shifts from my son because he didn't come in wearing the logoed shirt for the restaurant, but rather a very similar black polo without the logo (this was common practice for other employees, as they were only given one uniform shirt, and nobody seemed to have any issue with that). 

After four months of working there I wake up late one night to find him overdosing on our couch, and he dies. Mind you, he had been clean for a month over a year at this point, and seemed like he was happy with that, so I was in shock.

Anyway, as for my legal question, a month ago (around a month and a half after his death) a women who introduced herself as a manager/bartender at the place he had worked knocked on my door and said she wanted to show me a video. She explained that she had been worried about how 'Sara' treated son for a while, so on the day my son died when Sara started to pick a fight with him she secretly recorded it on her phone.

The video shows Sara drunkenly screaming at my son as he tries to do his job. She is telling him that he is a waste of time and space and should just fucking kill himself. Taunting him and asking him if he is back to sticking a needle into his arm yet so she can fire him. She even takes a swing at him.

Mind you, this is in the middle of dinner service and in front of customers. I strongly suspect this is what triggered his relapse (and what I suspect was more a suicide then a simple relapse). 

My question was if I had any legal recourse against the restaurant based on their treatment of my son. The other manager that gave me the video also said that she could probably find some people who witnessed other similar incidents. 

But the thing is that anyone I bring this up to in my small town just laughs and blows it off. When I brought it to the local lawyer his exact words were, "Well he was a fucking junkie, you want to sue the only people who were stupid enough to hire him?" I know that he was seriously mistreated, and worse then that from what the restaurant manager implied it sounds like the restaurant may be knowingly targeting heroin users and/or ex-users, using them for a few months until they either get tired of the bullshit or relapse, and then firing them for a new round of the same.
My son went on a play date to some people we're friendly with through pre-k. While at their house, this guy's $20k TV got broken. There were no adults present so they don't know who broke it (his kid or mine). He says "lets's just split the difference".

Putting aside the fact that this jackass had kids around a $20k TV in the first place, surely there's a limit on how much I would have to pay out?

If this went to court, would he be responsible for the full amount as my kid was in his care?

Could a judge say "a reasonable TV costs $1000 so give him $500?"

If worst comes to worst, could I claim this on my home insurance?

Finally, who lets kids unsupervised with a $20k TV? Dude's not even super loaded. If I found out he won the TV, would that give me wiggle room?
In my earlier thread, I received a letter in the mail from the DA regarding the DUI and what I did. I also got about 60 pieces of mail-spam from prospective lawyers who wanted to take my case. https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/763ghw/ca_yesterday_i_received_a_dui_the_police_claimed/

However, I could not recall the event. 

Good news.

At the request of my legal council, I went to the Sheriff's police station. They pulled up mugshot correlating with my name and it turns out it was someone else with the **same** exact first/last name as me. They mixed us up.

I actually started to believe I actually did the DUI. At first, it was denial/rejection of the case. But as time passed and with people assuring me that I was probably too trashed, I started to fabricate false memories and actually believe that I was recalling the incident. 
[Link to previous post.](https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8os5bz/ut_sued_in_small_claims_due_to_vehicular_death_of/) Utah still.

It was settled out of court.  
I want to thank everyone for the advice and words of support. I followed everyone's advice and contacted my insurance company. They got back to me very quickly and took over the situation. Everything was settled out of court. The insurance company ended up paying the full amount of her estimation, rather than just the small claims maximum. It was well within my insurance limits, so I'm not really surprised at that outcome. I really hope it does help her. With her and city counsel's permission I actually commissioned a small plaque with 'In memory of [Child's Name]' with birth year and death year below it and affixed it to the stone bench at the park.

On a more personal note, I really want to thank everyone who suggested I get some counseling. There was a large weight pressing down on me that I didn't even realize was there until it started to lift. I don't know how long I would have just lived with it without everyone's advice to get help. So thank you again.
Hello everyone,

I'm currently a law student (2L) and my mom is really starting to make me worry.

She's a very verbally aggressive and entitled person. Anytime something doesn't go her way, she immediately starts screaming law suit when 100% of the time she's at fault or doesn't have a claim anyways.

Recently, she took her cat to the vet to get vaccinated. A few days later, the cat was very sick and would scream if carried. My mother took the cat to the vet, but informed them she was refusing to pay for the visit or any tests because she just knew it was their vaccine that made the cat sick and therefore the office was at fault and should eat the cost. 

Understandably, they said no. My mother announced she was going to sue them, that it was unconstitutional for them to deny her cat free care (I don't even), and that I, her child, was an attorney and was going to sue them for everything they had. She left them my information. 

I got a call from the vet's attorney who wanted to talk about the matter. I immediately interrupted them and let them know that (1) I was not an attorney, (2) I never agreed to represent my mother in the matter, (3) I could not legally represent my mother in the matter, and (4) I was terribly sorry about this. I explained how my mother did this all the time. The attorney understood and let me go.

While nothing bad came out of it, I'm worried someone will report me to C&amp;F for unauthorized practice of law if my mother keeps this up. I have repeatedly asked her to knock if off, but she just won't. She's also given her friends my information to get legal advice from me and I have to keep telling them that I can't help them. 

Can I get in any kind of trouble because of my mom's assertions that I'm an attorney? What can I legally do to protect myself? 
VA, original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/66af39/friend_has_a_pregnant_crazy_exgirlfriend_and_he/?utm_source=reddit-android

So my friend didn't know when his daughter was born and after months of working overtime he was able to afford a lawyer and took ex to court. Wound up with a verbal agreement that he could see his daughter and met her for the first time when she was about 6 months old. He wasn't happy with how little he got to see her (which was like 1x a month if that) and kept working overtime to pay for another court date. This time he was guaranteed 3x a week visit for an hour, and the whole of Sunday. She actually was allowing this but still being a bitch. Well he kept working and he and his lawyer took her to court again for custody. Yesterday after 6 hours in court he won primary custody and he picked his daughter up today. She is now about 14 months old, and will be cared for by an honest, hardworking man with a supportive family structure instead of a lying abusive woman who can't even support herself. I am beyond happy for him and wanted to share this update with everyone because everyone loves a good update.
I'm 16 years old. In the last couple of years me and a friend founded an atheist student club in our school to provide a non-religious alternative to the Christian clubs that already existed. Last year we had 22 members. We are the only specifically non-religious club. This is a public school.

The letter says that the club is banned from the school in the coming school year due to the complaints from the parents that the club is encouraging lifestyle that they find unacceptable for their children. We do not bully or troll people. We just do what other clubs do without being religious. We accept all people and have no condition on atheism. Last year we had a Muslim and a Pagan student and everyone loves it.

The complaints are from the parents who don't like that their kids are not as religious as they are. We had a few members whose parents were very religious but they were not. Last year they complained but school took our side. I guess this year they gave in.

I went to the school today and talked to the assistant principal who said that they can't ignore complaints from parents and told me to forget about this.

I'm not a lawyer but doesn't the first amendment protect our right to freedom of and from religion? I don't think they can just say they can ban us because some parents don't like the atheist lifestyle.

First is the law on our side? And if so what resources I can use to fight the school's decision? My parents will not pay for a lawyer. 
I am being transferred to my previous department and I believe that the boss I am transferring away from is taking it personally. He has been very short with his interactions and seems angry lately. The CEO forced him to accept my transfer after months of avoidance and today is the first day of my transfer back to the department I normally work in. It's a  professional and corporate environment, normally. Now I'm being told I quit my job last night?

This was already a extremely stressful work period. I'm going to ride my bike on a trail and hope that a wise and sage Reddit user has all the answers when I return.

Edit: ugh, this is going to be unpleasant and I will update as the day goes on. 

Edit 2: okay, the wheel of shit has been started and here's the initial results copied from my response to a comment:



I told her on my bike ride. She responded with:

Not up to me (Other Boss) told me you are termed You will need to talk to him

My response: 

Absolutely. I will find him and figure this out. 

I'm just letting you know that I am refuting absolutely any claim that I have or had any intentions of quitting. 

Thanks for letting me know

She responded with: 

Play nice

She won't budge beyond that. She's a professional CYA adherent. Now I'm getting ready to go find him and point out that I am not quitting.

He knows that I am not quitting. Barring mental illness, or chemical influence, he is aware I have not quit.

I've never dealt with an executive manager specifically angry with me to any level really. He clearly wants me gone and I'm blindsided by his actions. Up until this morning I had been working on a proposal to the CEO that would create long term employment opportunities for myself with the company.☹️☹️


Edit 3:  Decided to email HR outlining the issue and requesting assistance. I'm not allowed on the work site until my supervisor is updated on my employment status. I'm taking this time to write a timeline of events leading up to this mornings message. I am also collecting any evidence of my intent to work today. 

I actually messaged several managers yesterday evening with instructions for the change over and offers to assist in any way.  I'm feeling pretty solid about the fact I haven't quit and not very solid at all on my future with the company. It just seems so petty and vindictive. This person is well known in our industry and is very qualified on paper. It just doesn't make sense to me. 

Edit 4: I'm calling HR and hoping I'm allowed to work! I'm afraid that it's not over and that he will try to prove I quit, despite all evidence to the contrary. Wish me luck!

Edit 5: Wow, I was so caught up in my own drama that I didn't realize how big this post had become. I'll do a quick update now and write up a more in-depth response when I have time.
Here's my update:

I have a job!!!

I'm actually writing this from my new office. The male boss, who claimed I quit, relented and allowed the transfer. I saw the CEO very briefly yesterday and thanked him for his assistance in everything and he said "you shouldn't have to thank me for being allowed to do your job". 

I'm so happy to be back where I belong. The first day I had a warm welcome back and it feels good to be doing what I'm supposed to do. Thanks to everyone for their input and advice.

So, here's the situation... I went to a strip club moderately drunk. I agreed to a private dance for \~$600. The strip club made me sign a paper, took my fingerprint, as well as a picture of me. I remember agreeing to additional time and then the dancers started giving me drinks (illegal in AZ because full nude strip clubs are not allowed to serve alcohol). The night got very fuzzy, and the last thing I remember is being absolutely dumbfounded when they handed me a bill for $15,000. I was there for less than 3 hours and I highly doubt that I would agree to those charges knowingly even while drunk. I briefly argued with the bouncer before going home. When I woke up the next day and realized basically my life savings was gone, I spiraled into an absolutely horrible depression, tried to kill myself several times, relapsed on heroin (after several years clean), and wound up in rehab. I'm doing better now, and have been disputing the charges with my credit card company, but it sounds like responses from the merchant are starting to come in, and I will need to provide some sort of proof or written statement corroborating my side of the story. Is it worth talking to a lawyer in this situation? My understanding is that someone cannot legally enter into a contract while intoxicated? Is there a coercion angle to this since they were illegally serving me alcohol? 

&amp;#x200B;

Also, it might be worth noting that the establishment I went to is apparently notorious for doing this. If you read their yelp reviews, this is apparently a scam they pull frequently on customers. 

&amp;#x200B;
Throwaway for obvious reasons. Bear with me.

My insane Christian MIL hates me. I listen to Metallica and Megadeth, therefore I am the reincarnation of Lucifer.

Yesterday I was changing our son's (6 months old) nappy, he had poop all over the place, because he's a baby. I cleaned around his anus and my MIL shreaked at the top of her lungs:

"You just sexually abused your son! You fucking vile pig." Our son, obviously almost jumped off the changing table with shock and was in hysterics. 

MIL started slapping me around the back of the head, shoulders and back.

Wife came in and almost had to carry MIL out of the room. I'm in a state of shock, I have to calm our son down and finish cleaning him. Can hear MIL and FIL raging in the background. Hear the front door slam.

MIL now says she's calling CPS and has reported the "sexual abuse" of our son.

What's my recourse here? When CPS show up, do I bar them from entering and explain the waste of time they're in for? Do I let them in? Do I hire a lawyer and look for a cease and desist?

I'm worried about letting CPS in because people have told me that they will take a dim view of me (the father) being the one looking after him while my wife is working. Is there any truth to that?

I'm fairly certain she will call CPS because she has called the police on me in the past for driving my wife's car.

State is Wyoming.
I posted [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/3brffg/ca_how_can_i_get_my_neighbors_to_get_rid_of_their/) about three years ago, and it got very little attention, but some people did help and for that I was (and am) super grateful. Plus, I figured we all like update posts, and this situation of chicken warfare is finally resolved. 

&amp;#x200B;

To recap: my neighbors had five chickens that would squawk at ungodly hours of the morning and night. They were actually my parents neighbors; I was crashing with them over the summer and have since moved out. We did contact the city, who came and determined that they were up to code. But the neighbors assumed it was us (my parents had been pretty vocal in the neighborhood about not liking the chickens), and they decided to retaliate. 

&amp;#x200B;

First, they claimed that a structure on my parents' property was illegal, and my parents had to deal with a city investigation, which turned up nothing, because it was not illegal. Next, they claimed that our little patch of sidewalk front yard, which is right next to theirs, was actually infringing on their property and demanded a property survey. We actually discovered that their front garden was partially on OUR land, so that was nice. My mother e-mailed the neighbors letting them know they were going to put up a little line of stones just to keep the garden property line clear so that they could plant their side, and the neighbors went batshit. Started sending long, rambling e-mails to my parents, started calling and hanging up, started throwing trash on our side of the garden and they eventually left several dead rodents still in traps on our front porch. After that, my parents got a security camera. 

&amp;#x200B;

Things quieted down for a while, and we soon found out it was because the neighbors were trying to sell the house. Their house is pretty nice, and we live in a high COL city in a neighborhood that has really gotten popular in the past \~10 years. Basically, if all went well the neighbors would be making 2 or 3 million dollars from the sale. They hosted several open houses, and this is where my dad decided to get petty. See, my parents deck directly faced the neighbor's backyard, which still had the chicken coop and was one of the main attractions of the open house (they were actually trying to sell it as an "urban farmhouse."). As people would wander into the backyard of the open house, my dad would stand on his deck holding a very large sign that said, "NO CHICKENS IN THIS NEIGHBORHOOD." The other side said, "THEY BRING RATS AND VERMIN INTO OUR LOVELY COMMUNITY." I was half horrified, half cracking up. I told him that it would only escalate things, but he was insistent that any new neighbors not be allowed to keep the chickens. He would periodically shout down into the neighbors yard (our houses were very close), "we will NOT allow new neighbors to keep chickens!"

&amp;#x200B;

My parents got many furious calls and e-mails from the realtor and the neighbors. Apparently my dad was making people hesitant to buy the home (I don't blame them, he was acting like a crazy person), offers were dwindling, and they were going to have to lower the price. My dad said he would stop his chicken protest if the coop was removed; the chickens stayed, so my dad stayed on his deck for every single open house. 

&amp;#x200B;

To make a long story of chicken subterfuge short, the neighbors sold the house. On their last night in the house, they egged my parents entire backyard and deck. I asked my dad if he wanted to report it, and he said it would be better to be rid of them. A lovely family has since moved in, and the first thing they did was dismantle the coop. 

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR: petty neighborhood chicken drama results in fowl play, but new neighbors are eggcellent. 
After leaving my abusive ex boyfriend with my infant daughter, I went to stay with my mother and sister to recover from the horrific emotional and physical trauma we survived for nearly five years. I thought it would be healthy and helpful for us to be around some family who cared and wanted to see us heal from his abuse. 

Keep in mind I had not resided with my mom or sister for over a decade. I'd only made breif visits to my hometown every once and a while. This was fully moved in and no going back. 

I started becoming uncomfortable with some of the behaviors and especially with the way my sister was hitting her daughter with a belt to discipline her. I could not let my daughter see that for fear it could harm her in some way. My mom and sister are very enmeshed both have never lived alone once and are very codependent with one another. There was a lot of drama and zero respect for boundaries, my belongings were being stolen by the kids and were even told by their parents to take money from my purse at one point. I decided it was time to leave as soon as possible. 

After i left I started noticing that my phone was acting strangly. My data kept going over and the battery was always almost too hot to touch. I ended up taking it into an apple store and one of the techs said there had been Spyware installed and a keylogger. He also said that it can't be done remotely so to think of who knows my password. My sister and her kids are the only people. 

The next day I was followed for three hours and at one point I had to flag down the police so that I could tell them what was going on and they helped me get into a domestic violence shelter. At this time I was still talking with my sister as she was pretending to be a sympathetic ear to get info. I told her the name of the town the shelter was in and it wasn't soon after that I told her about the Spyware that had been found on my phone. Her reaction was strange (calling me paranoid and delusional) so strange that I got rid of my phone as fast as possible and had a police escort to the shelter that evening. 

Not soon after that I found out she had filed a missing persons report and tried to have an amber alert issued for my daughter. She had over 12 jurisdictions working to find me because of the lies she had told them. It was everywhere and I couldn't go to the store without someone calling 911. It got to social media and eventually one of the residents inside the shelter started communicating with my sister. I'm not sure what was said but the director was able to see the computer activity. 

The next day CPS came to the shelter door. I don't know how they knew for sure that I was ther, but I'll make an educated guess it was because of the correspondence between the shelter resident and my sister. My sister is an LPN and she tried to use her mandated reporter status to make it more convincing. She was also accessing our medical records to get our location. 

I met with the detective from CPS that same day and it was flagged as unfounded and closed. She said that they see this situation all of the time and that it's usually the person calling who should be investigated. 

Now any time anyone Googles my name or my daughters this whole thing comes up and it paints me as this unhinged, mentally unstable and unfit mother all because of what my sister fabricated. I'll never find a job in my state and I'm considering moving away. 

This has to be illegal or at least something could be done through a civil lawsuit? 

What can I do?
.
Edit: CPS not CBS I'm title.

Also, I still don't understand why she is doing this to my daughter and I. I can't think of any reason other than pure enjoyment and possibly some type of personality disorder.

I also forgot to add that she had taken pictures of my car and license tag weeks before this all unfolded. A detective was able to see when and where each photo was taken. 
The TL;DR is my father is a truck driver, moved around a lot, and switched jobs whenever child support caught up with him. He saw my brother and I about two days a year, much less than the two days per week the child support was based on. He ended up owing $90,000 + interest for delinquent payments, which ended up at around $450,000. He was set to inherit a lot of money from my grandmother, paid $2,000 monthly so he wouldn't blow it.

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/84i2i4/ca_delinquent_child_support_case/

------------------------------------------

Court dropped the initial amount owed due to a court filing error during the divorce, which made my parents legally married for about a year and a half after they had submitted divorce paperwork (CA courts say 'oops!') Final agreed upon amount was ~$390,000. My father disputed this amount, but never submitted any evidence (because there was none) so that amount was final.

2nd court case today for the inheritance money, where my mother was made a plaintiff. Father tried to claim he worked for my grandfather, and my grandfather paid the child support for him (neither of those are true) but I guess he forgot (lol) to mention that during the Child Support case, and the judge didn't want to hear it. Also claimed he has a great relationship with both of his sons (I stopped talking to him when I was 13, which is more than half my life ago, and my brother doesn't really know him so well since he was gone basically my brother's entire life.)

Judge ruled totally in favor of my mother, so the $190,000 my father was set to inherit is being given directly to my mother. Judge also ruled my father has to continue paying $700 a month, which is what the previous Child Support hearing had determined due to the $2,000 monthly payments he was originally supposed to receive in inheritance money. 

The best part is my father tried to settle out of court for $25,000.

---------------------------------------------------

My mother is elated. My father has been mocking her for years over this, telling her she would never get her money. My mother never spent any money on herself, and instead tried to make sure my brother and I didn't miss out on anything because we had just one parent around. She has almost nothing for retirement now, since she had to take out of her 401k a lot and since she got laid off 6 months before she was eligible for retirement.

This is pretty much the best thing that has happened to my family in quite some time. I don't live by my mom, but will be sending my brother some money to buy a nice bottle of champagne. 

Hey everyone, first time posting here. A few people advised that I turn to this community since my claim with the BBB is taking a while to resolve.

I am an automotive enthusiast. I have been working with my dad on project cars for over a decade. I recently saved up enough money and purchased a "non-operational" 1967 Cadillac Coupe DeVille (me &amp; my dad's dream car). I wanted to check it out and surprise him with it once I got it up &amp; running. The owner gave me a good deal as long as I tow it from Alabama and do an inspection when it arrives in GA (it was about 2.5 hrs away).

Company fails to call me upon pick-up. The seller's neighbors noticed the truck hauling the vehicle and texted him pics that he forwarded to me. This was at 7AM. He notifies me, so I immediately call the carrier to confirm if they picked it up and when I can expect them to show up (it's a weekday so I needed to make sure I'm available). The carrier never picks up, I've been sitting around all morning &amp; afternoon postponing my work, errands, and entire day because I don't want him to show up without me being present. Just trying to get a vague idea of when to be on-site and ready to help.

After trying to reach several numbers 10-12 times, the 3rd party dispatcher finally made the carrier (towing company) driver call me back. It was around 7PM (entire day has passed) and tells me he'll be here in a few hours. My whole schedule has been dissolved at this point, but i figure "FINE" as long as they get here.

Fast forward a few hours. Truck arrives, the main driver is very irritable, annoyed, treating and talking to me like it's my fault that it's dark &amp; late after I've been waiting for him a full day without notice. Turns out, him &amp; his partner can not remove the car off the rails because they secured it in the wrong place. I was outside trying to offer them help for hours, calming the situation, consolidating, offering water &amp; trying to strategize. I know as a client I don't "have" to, but it was a signature moment for me in buying this car, and I wanted to get it here safely. It was obvious that they were extremely incompetent but I gave them benefit of the doubt.

I went inside and let them do their work without bothering them. At this point it's 2AM and the car hasn't moved. They were fed up, so one of them proceeded to push the car. He applied too much sideways force (to an already non-operational vehicle) and made it slip off the truck railing. At this point the car is sitting on ONE rail, whole weight on its oil pan which eventually cracks oil starts pouring out.

I run outside. Immediately tell them to stop! Like what are you doing?? I even said "Would you let this happen to a Ferrari??"

The driver tells me "I can't help you any further, get this car off my damn truck cause I gotta leave. If I have to, I'll sell it in Alabama it to recoup the time I've lost here"

I was shocked &amp; appalled. Threatening to leave with my private property after HE knowingly picked up a non-operational vehicle and couldn't fulfill delivery (damaging my property in the process) even though the contract is "Door to Door delivery" "No risk guarantee, Fully insured etc. all the shits &amp; giggles."

He gets in the truck and is about to leave. Keep in mind I already paid $150 deposit to the 3rd party company that assigns the load location and carrier who wants to fulfill the shipment. I also had to give the driver $200 cash once he arrived before "attempting" to unload my car. I run up to him and say "You can't leave with my property. Stop right now!"

He proceeds to tell me I have to call a local Atlanta 24/7 emergency line to come assess the situation because otherwise he's leaving with my car within an hour.

I call the first number that comes up on Google and let him speak to the company. He hands me the phone back and says "we're good, I'll wait" At this point I'm done with this guy, so I go inside and let him do his thing. An hour later I see the local emergency service guy arrive. I stay inside &amp; watch. I figure I'd just let them talk, assess the situation and finish everything while I wait for further notice.

Fast forward 30 minutes, I run outside to check up on everything see [MY CAR FLIPPED ON ITS SIDE LIKE WTF??](https://imgur.com/a/FRRM0). Blocking an entire lane of traffic on a major downtown boulevard. Broken roof, cracked oil pan, doors, mirrors, wheels, everything.

Before I can even ask for my money back, since the car was technically never "delivered", the trucker storms off EVEN before police could arrive. Leaving the scene of a crime, or at minimum damaged property that he's liable to deliver safely. I had to spend another few hundred $$ on the tow truck service that the local PD called in order to get the car off it's side since it was impeding traffic. I filed a police report + 2 witnesses.

The cops were very helpful and sympathetic. We spent hours discussing the situation while they helped me get it on my property. At a certain point we all started laughing on [HOW RIDICULOUS THIS IS](https://imgur.com/a/FRRM0). They said they've never seen anything like this before. It was almost 8AM at this point, I thanked the officers, at this point we all wanted to just go home &amp; get some rest. I filed a complaint with the BBB the next morning.

It's just sad to me that people have to treat other humans this way. I don't owe you anything, I don't need to oversee or micromanage your incompetence. It's not my job to do so. I went through all this time to save up, research, and buy something special for my dad while trying to do something good. I didn't even have to be present. Door to door delivery implies the drivers know what they are doing. I would have never imagined being treated like this, let alone if this was someone else like an elderly person who wouldn't be able to talk or deal with these guys' attitude at all. All I wanted was to get my property in ONE piece. I didn't have to endure this type of treatment.

Anyways the officers told me this is a civil matter. I don't have a budget for an attorney, but local paralegal friends of mine told me this is a pretty solid case so I should seek some feedback. I wanted to turn to you guys for advice &amp; see what I can do.

Sorry for the long post/formatting. Hopefully I can find some guidance.

Thank you!
I followed the advice given to me here, and I spoke to an attorney that drafted an official letter to send her to cease and desist. She did nothing, and doubled down on me being a "rapist". 

Somehow she contacted my workplace, and got me fired. My wife has left me, and took our children. She is afraid of what "I might be capable of", all our years of marriage be damned. Times this Christmas were very dark...

Fortunately, my attorney called me days ago to inform that he will proceed with "step 2", and push a lawsuit against her. Like someone stated in my past post, Washington's laws might help make a victory possible. I'm hoping something will come of this. I don't want her to get away with this.

Thanks for all the help, and I will keep the sub posted.
Original post [here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/3hwt4a/company_car_i_was_driving_was_hit_by_a_drunk/) The tl;dr version is that I was almost killed by a drunk driver while I was driving a company car. His insurance paid the blue book value ($40,000) to the company but I was sent to collections and told that I owed them $40,000 for the car because I didn't return it to them in the condition which they gave it to me. 

No one at the company or the collections agency would help me and they just sent me back and forth (company told me to talk to collections, collections told me to talk to the company) so I ended up getting a lawyer because the stress of being hounded by collections was setting back my recovery.

The lawyer sent a very strongly worded letter to someone high up that I couldn't reach myself because I kept getting the run around. That person didn't know anything about it and the company launched an investigation. The three people who kept giving me the run around ended up being charged with fraud and a bunch of other stuff. I don't know much but the police say they have emails and they think the 3 were planning on keeping the payment for themselves since the company was already paid. They are also in trouble for fraudulently using company resources to send me to collections for a fake debt.

Afterward my company wrote me a letter of apology. They paid the costs for my lawyer and made sure the debt was removed from my record. They also made a donation to a charity of my choice. I am nearly ready to return to work but they told me to take as much time as I need. After talking with the police I believe the higher ups were not aware because the police say the 3 were trying to keep it a secret. The drunk driver’s insurance is paying all my bills related to the incident so I won’t have debt from this ever.

All in all I am doing much better. I would like to thank /r/legaladvice and everyone who offered advice and encouragement and sent me supportive messages. You were all so helpful and I appreciate it :)
[previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8qo1mx/is_it_legal_to_demand_a_family_member_under_18/?st=JIHRZGJ3&amp;sh=c1047305)


After reading this sub a little I understand people usually make update posts?

I just want to thank everyone for the advice, some of it more helpful to my situation than others (I kind of giggled a little at the thought of me retaining a lawyer- I’m not going to legally flame my aunt unless I have a death wish). Thanks for the suggestion anyway! If they weren’t a family member you’d bet your bottom dollar that I’d be getting back pay/ filing a wage complaint. I did like some of the arguments you guys provided so I decided to use some of them. Oh and I forgot to mention that I’m a girl in the last post. 

I applied at a local craft store for the evening shift and also to be waitstaff at a retirement home. I told my mom about it, and she asked what about my aunts cafe? Are you going to work two jobs now? I said no I’m not volunteering there anymore especially if I get another job. She frowned and said that I made a commitment to my aunt. I denied that. Then came the family trap card, but I was prepared. I said if my aunt valued ME as a family member she would pay me for my effort, that I’m technically working there illegally, that I don’t understand why my mom would support her for making me work for nothing. 

Now here’s where my other post failed to explain the entire situation. My mom is a single mother and a great one at that. I mentioned in the last post that I was confused why my mom was making me do this. Most of my childhood she worked her ass off to provide for me so I know she knows the value of people’s time. 

However, when my mom was working when I was little my aunt helped out a lot. She would watch me, help out with dinner/groceries, make up the difference on her rent, etc. I should mention that when I “worked” the first two years at that cafe it was basically because my mom didn’t want me home alone and I stayed there to clean up tables with my cousin. It was fun until my cousin stopped coming and my aunt made me work for real. 

With that said, my mom and I are on good ground right now. My mom has savings, a good job thanks to community college, and a house. My aunt knows she had a big role in this and will never let my mom forget that. So when I asked my mom why she was on my aunts side in this job situation she kind of sighed and said that we owe my aunt so much more than we can ever pay back, that we should help her out whenever.

 I suspect my aunt leveraged her own “kindness” she gave in the past against my mom again to get me to work wage free. Ive only recently picked up that my aunt does this- my mom would act weird sometimes and I wouldn’t notice why, until I overheard a conversation like a month ago with her convincing my mom to drive my cousin like 4 hours round trip because she “owed her”. Maybe my aunt does this all the time and Im not aware. Or, maybe I’m wrong but I have a very strong feeling I’m not. My aunt is not a nice woman. I’m just kind of pissed that my aunt probably made my mom a target of her manipulative bullshit just to get free labor out of me. Anyway before I got worked up when talking to my mom I just said ok and went to bed to sleep it off. 

I came up with a plan to convince my aunt to let me out of this “job” and hopefully not pitch a fit to make my mom more guilty for being a “burden” in the past. I literally practiced my arguments in the shower haha. (And made myself 2x the amount of specialty drinks on the job out of spite)  

So Friday morning I asked my aunt how the shops doing. She said great, she just hired a graphic designer and is looking TO FRANCHISE. Here I thought she was in some financial hot water or something, hence me working for nothing, but she’s just a cheapskate. (I feel used tbh)

 But I said wow that’s cool I know you’re a great businesswoman but this is fantastic, great job. She smiled at me for once and said thank you I know you know that I’ve worked 24/7 for this. I told her that she’s such a role model and honestly if I had 10 percent of the will she had I would be successful in life... and that actually I applied for another job! I’m going to save up for college, get some credit going, and be successful like her. 

She seemed kinda happy, and said oh that’s great. She said It’s good to know that I’m being my own woman. Then I responded that I was thankful for what she did for me and my mom, that this job was a great experience to put on my resumé, and that because I’m branching out into the world I can’t work here anymore :). 

She sighed, and started up, “I’m sure you could do weekends here though?”. I said I would love to but not once I start another job. She seemed a bit skittish, but said alright. I’m waiting for her to change her mind. Not once did she offer to pay me. 

After I told my mom last night what my aunt said she was cool with me not working there, and she was glad I was looking to build savings. 

This morning though, my she said to me that my aunt told her I was a good kid and a hard worker (and that I’m welcome to work at the cafe whenever I want). I’ll pass 😒

Edit: [Opps, forgot original post. My bad](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8ed18t/ny_woman_has_come_forward_claiming_her_child_is/)

Seeing as the last post I made got popular thought I would come back and give an update. As much as I wish this ended dramatically with SD getting arrested or embarrassed in court i'm sad to say this isn't the case. 

So after I sent SD the text telling her to stop contacting me she began to blow my phone up with voice mails and texts. I saved them all obviously and forwarded them to my fathers attorney. The day after I made my first post my attorney had a letter sent to SD. Won't post the letter here but i'll paraphrase to the best of my ability while trying to interpret all the legal talk

"If you believe your child's claim to my clients estate is legitimate please submit to a DNA test as your earliest convenience. If an independent DNA test confirms your claims of my clients paternity to your child we will see to having him compensated as according to local laws for the requested child support. On the claim of getting a potion of the estate, my client specified in his will that his estate would be left to his children FakeFather21 and Sister. Unless you are able to provide the letter of recognition as you stated in my office on the 22nd we will consider that your child was either disowned or unacknowledged by my client and will proceed as such. If you are unable to provide the claimed letter I advise you seek legal council of your own. 

On the topic of you continued contact with my clients benefactors I suggest you cease it immediately. They have made it clear that they do not wish to associate with you outside of legal dealings. If you continue to contact them I have recommended they take legal action against you"

The best part has to be how he ended it however

"If there is the possibility that your claims of my clients paternity to your child are misinformed or fraudulent I suggest you admit to this and cease contact with me and my clients. If you continue these action under false claims not only will you be receiving a bill for my time, I will suggest that my clients take legal action against you."

While this was going on my sister tracked down SB's parents and got into contact with them. It turns out that SB has not had contact with her parents in multiple years, but that is not the important part. Apparently this is not the first time she has done this. Apparently she pulled the same stunt with another man when this kid was born 9 years ago and got paid off to leave him alone. I also forwarded this to my attorney

So fast forward to this morning when I get a call from my attorney. SB is retracting her statements claiming she "misunderstood" the situation and no longer believes her son is my fathers kid.

So yeah, no big dramatic ending sadly but I guess this is over. Thanks for the advice originally. I know some people were asking why I came here when I already had an attorney, and to be honest I see where you guys are coming from. I was pretty stressed and with this woman trying to steal what my father had worked his whole life for I really just needed a place to vent and look for advice on what I should do. Thanks for that. 
My daughter is 21. was.

She died in Oregon State a few hours ago. I live in Seattle, WA. Could someone please tell me what I am supposed to do now? I know I need to arrange for her body to be moved somehow, maybe?

Should I call her bank? her landlord? I am going to call the medical examiner in the morning but that's literally the only thing the police told me to do. I found some checklists online but they are mostly aimed at much older people and are useless.

She doesn't have a will. She is unmarried. She has a bunch of stuff in a rented apartment, owns a car outright (that I gave to her - maybe that could help with the title?) and likely has a few small debts. Her lease is up in two months. 

What am I supposed to do now? More importantly, what shouldn't I do? 


EDIT: my hands seem to have decided to not stop shaking and I can't really type properly right now or I would thank you all individually. I read every single post here. You have no idea how much I appreciate all of the help and support. Seriously, you guys did an amazing thing. Thank you again so so much.

If you love someone, don't ever let a day end without telling them, even if things suck in the short term. Some things you can't go back and say tomorrow.
My brother was kind of famous in school. Great academically and in sports. Really sucks for me because I'm expected to follow in his footsteps and always fall short.

This teacher was warning us of the dangers of smoking pot and basically went on to describe everything my brother did during school, even mentioned his first name, then said his mistake in life was smoking pot and having sex before marriage which led him down the path of debauchery and self-destruction. Teacher said he finally committed suicide last year and he was present at the funeral, wishing he'd done something!

Aaand my brother is alive and well. Talked to him just 2 hours ago. He never smoked pot, never had drug addiction and most importantly never committed suicide! I stayed in class to tell the teacher that he was mistaken but he said "who are you to question me? You think you know better than me?" (Well I really do! He's my freaking brother)

Vice principal said I can't prove that he was speaking about my brother, it's possible he was speaking about someone else. This is such nonsense, the teacher was so detailed and he even dropped his first name once. It's more than obvious he was talking about my brother.

From what I understand he's been telling this to other classes. How can I stop this?
We bought a house in 2015 and we made damn sure that it's not part of an HOA. Soon after moving in the HOA started sending us documents about joining which we completely ignored. We were even visited once by the president of the HOA and my husband made it clear to him that we have no intention of joining.

In June 2016 we received a letter that said the HOA is considering legal action against us to have us join because by living here we are benefiting from the HOA's work without paying for it and it's a financial burden on everyone other member. The letter insisted that a legal action can be avoided if we agree to join. We ignored it.

The president visited us again in July 2016 and said the same thing, when we pretty much told him "see you in court".

They indeed took legal action against us earlier this year and we hired a lawyer and went to the court, their motion was dismissed immediately. We thought it's the end of it. But to make sure we had our lawyer send them a cease and desist letter to stop this constant harassment.

Now we received a letter from them, saying we need to reimburse their legal fees of about $3700 according to the article X section Y of the HOA's CC&amp;Rs with a copy of the CC&amp;Rs. The referenced paragraph says something along the lines of "The association is entitled to recovery of the fees incurred by bringing legal action against the homeowner, as deemed necessary by the board to enforce the CC&amp;Rs and preserve the best interests of the community".

Out of the $3700, $2000 is related to their fees for suing us and the remaining $1700 are for the demand letters that they've been sending us during all these times.

We are so tired of fighting this horrible HOA and we are thinking whether we can be granted a restraining order against the HOA? What is the best way to fight this charge and make sure they will stop their harassment? 
~~I was trying to dig out this ugly metal pole out of my yard, and realized it went really, really deep after not too long. My curiosity got the best of me and over the course of several years, with the help of a pick axe and a shovel, I dug a slant and I managed to get to the bottom of the pole so I could pull it out. Then I discovered porous rock, i've dug a little to the side and there is still some there.~~

~~My question is now, what do I do? Is it worth anything? Do I even own land this deep?~~

~~Kentucky, USA~~

Edit: definitely a septic tank. 
All of my hand tools, my tool bag, my tool belt, my socket set and drill with batteries and a charger were stolen out of my employers 5-ton truck that was on my employers property that was behind a gate that should have been locked by a security personnel, but wasn’t. I rode in the truck but did not have keys for it. I was initially told by my direct superior that the tools would be replaced, but have now found out that the company we both work for will not replace them, even though the loss was because of another one (or multiple) of their employees’ negligence. 

No, I do not have my own personal insurance on them. Yes I am an employee, not sub contracted. The total value of my property loss was estimated at $3000. The employees are unionized but I am not yet a part of the union (I don’t know if that makes a difference). I live in, and the theft was from Winnipeg Manitoba Canada. 

More details: there were also two company vehicles stolen and a bunch of company property. I was under the impression that I would have my stuff replaced when the company stuff was missing as they were filing an insurance claim, but they have since recovered the two vehicles and now it seems like my stuff is the only stuff not recovered, and so their tune has changed, and I’m left to fend for myself.

I just want my tools back, I need them to work. What can I do?
Certain unscrupulous individuals that I am aquatinted with have recently asserted that in some jurisdictions (namely New York)  Burritos are Sandwiches. 

This is clearly a scurrilous lie.

Thus I ask you good people of Reddit, what is the legal definition of a Sandwich?

I have provided this [handy chart](http://imgur.com/5yzsKJ5) for reference purposes.

Edit: at the request of /u/foxhunter I am changing the location to Tennessee. It's a race for gold people.

Edit 2:

Full definition given by /u/JustSomeBadAdvice

Here is an attempt at a definition that includes all things commonly referred to or thought of as "a sandwich" and excludes all things not commonly thought of as sandwiches.

First two definitions to help:

 • Bread: A "bread" in this parlance refers to any grain-based dough that has been baked either by itself or with other ingredients added to it that do not constitute the sandwich "filling."

 • Filling: Any ingredient or ingredients normally eaten by human beings that is used to differentiate between "two pieces of bread" and a sandwich.

** Bread may be made of corn instead of grain if corn is merely substituted for grain using a grain-based dough receipe.

And now the definition:

 1. A sandwich is a single piece of bread or two pieces of bread(of roughly equal size) that and surrounds a filling on both the top and bottom as it is eaten, where the bottom of the sandwich is gripped by thumb(s) and the top is gripped by finger(s).

 2. The bread must have been baked prior to being combined with the filling(i.e., no Calzones)

 3. Where the sandwich is one (rather than two) pieces of bread, the filling must be typically found in two-bread sandwiches in the same form. (I.e., no burritos)

 4. Where substituted as a low-carb option, lettuce can be substituted for bread provided nothing else is changed and filling is the same as is typically found in two-bread sandwiches.

Things included in definition:

 1. Grilled Cheese Sandwiches

 2. PB&amp;J sandwiches

 3. Submarine sandwiches

 4. Ice cream sandwiches

 5. Meat, cheese, and cracker sandwich

 6. Wraps, flatbread sandwiches, pita wraps, and gyro's (when eaten as one).

 7. Hotdogs when consumed by turning them on their side and eaten as a sandwich.

 8. Melts and Panini's

 9. Chicken salad sandwiches and tuna sandwiches.

 10. BLT sandwiches.

 11. Lettuce wraps aka unwiches when folded and eaten as sandwiches.

 12. Sloppy Joe's

 13. Quesadilla's if eaten as a sandwich.

 14. Oreo cookies and other sandwich cookies, if the cookies were baked prior to joining the filling

Things not included in definition:

 1. Tacos(how eaten)

 2. Burritos (Rule #3)

 3. Calzones (prior baking)

 4. Poptarts (prior baking)

 5. Salads (improper bread).

 6. Ravioli (Prior baking, how eaten)

 7. Chicken wings(fucking colorado) and fried foods. (how eaten, one or two pieces of bread)

 8. Pizza (bread surrounding, how eaten, prior baking)

 9. The double down is not a sandwich. It is the shame of the U.S. (And the pride of 'Murica).

 10. Burger bowls &amp; taco salads. (how eaten)

 11. Stuffed Grape Leaves(rule 4)

 12. Chili in a bread bowl(how eaten)

 13. Dumplings(prior baking)

 14. Uncrustables(prior baking)

 15. Pigs in a blanket(prior baking)

I have no idea who created the term "open faced sandwich" but it is an abomination. It is either "X on Y" or "X and Y" ala Bagel &amp; Cream Cheese or Buttered Toast or eggs on toast.

I was unable to exclude quesadillas without also excluding other things that are functionally identical to sandwiches(Wraps/grilled cheese), and I was unable to include uncrustables without also including calzones.


This is in cookie cutter suburbia, in California.

The overall story is a bit messy, so I will keep this as short and to the point as possible. 

My homeowners insurance is helping me out here, so I "have a lawyer" but I wanted to see what you folks thought of this, as I have a phone meeting with my insurance company's lawyer tomorrow.

Here's what's going on:

* My house burnt down early this year. Total loss. No one was injured, but all my personal belongings are just gone.
* The source of the fire was electrical related (not my fault). The fire department said it was likely a charging lithium battery (my homeowners insurance is dealing with that situation) 
* The house is only 3 years old. 
* I purchased the house brand new, had some semi-custom things done to it, and actually had a great time with the home builder


Two months ago, once the dust settled, I reached out to the home builder (who is well known) to see how we could acquire the blueprints for my home...or at a minimum, the blueprints for my model. I also inquired about how I could engage them to rebuild my home as I am not planning on moving out of this neighborhood (I really like it here). 

They took my info and said that they would get back to me. A few days later I heard from them regarding me/my insurance hiring them to rebuild. They said they are not set up for that and would like to help, but could not...bummer, but no big deal. I once again inquired about the blueprints. They said they would have to get back to me.

Eventually they got back to me after several days and said that they would not release the blueprints to me as they are their intellectual property. Serious bummer, but whatever...

My insurance company found a local reputable home builder and they started the rebuild 5 weeks ago. 

Last week I got a cease and desist letter (with a threat to sue) form the original home builder saying that I/we were infringing on their intellectual property, they specifically called out the design of the house. Basically they know (due to the home being in an HOA) that the house will be designed back to the exact way it was before the home burned down.

Soooooo, I have a meeting tomorrow with my homeowners insurance lawyer regarding this situation. 

Have any of you ever heard of such a crazy situation? What can I expect out of this situation? My agent said she has never encountered anything like this before and she's dealt with tons of total losses for homes that get rebuilt.

Does the original home builder have any legal legs to stand on here?
Dear friends, its been 57 days since my first post looking for advice, and my what an [adventure](https://redd.it/5nz4yw) it has been! You people have been as big a part of this as our own family (who knew that kids tugged at reddit's heartstrings so much!), and as promised, here we are at the exciting conclusion:


* My lawyer called in a personal favor to the judge to expedite the final orders hearing as much as possible, it only took three weeks from the temporary hearing to today when we had our final; which apparently is warp speed versus the norm. 
* The mom's mom made a huge personal sacrifice by testifying, but she did, and painted a truly sad picture of what things were like before we came into the mix. We even discovered that now, while she is in prison, the mom is pregnant again and used meth intravenously the whole time until she was locked up in December.  So when she pops this one out and the baby's poop tests positive for narcotics, the state is likely to take it away. Addiction is a cruel mistress. We have gotten close to grandma and we plan to keep her close. She has always taken care of him when she was able to and really put her neck out on the line to look out for her grandson's well being. 
* We were granted **ALL** of our terms, everything! This includes a discretionary visitation claus, that basically says me and my son have to mutually agree to allow her to visit. I will not be unfair to the mom or abuse this flexibility, but it gives me a lot more leverage to require that she is clean and set healthy boundaries. 
* And here we are, a new and very happy family of three and we love the shit out of our little man (even though he is for some reason screaming about Jurassic World right now). We aren't perfect, and we are winging it at best, but we are going to bust our asses forever to give our son the life he deserves. 


That's pretty much it!  And to everyone who went along for the ride with us, [thank you!](http://imgur.com/a/OUM0A)

**EDIT** I have also made some real world friends out of this whole ordeal, but one redditor reached out to me whose in a similar situation (same city, even!), and I just wanted to tell Nick that everything is gonna work out and you are a kick ass dad. 
Mini update to my first post -https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/875zo1/i_hosted_a_child_for_a_sleepover_and_still_have/

Mom came and got the girl, it was very awkward how she reacted to her mom's  arrival. The girl begged to stay, and didn't greet her mom at first until Mom demanded she do so with a threat of never coming back here. 

As she was packing her stuff Mom revealed to me (with enough detail that I couldn't not report it) that daughter had likely been inappropriately touched/raped at a sleepover some years ago. I immediately contacted the detective once they left and the case is becoming moree serious now. She stated that's enough to get a cps intervention interview for kiddo, so hopefully with my gently telling her to tell someone if anything is wrong, if she isnt fed, clean, safe etc....she will speak up. But its mostly in her hands.
OP: https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8s98a2/chicago_my_apartment_hasnt_had_power_for_48_hours/

TLDR of OP: Power was out to half my apartment for days, with no word from landlord.

Here’s the update! 

The day of my post I filed a complaint with the city and sent my landlord a certified letter explaining the issue and citing Chicago Municipal Code 5-12-110 (thanks, u/Trodamus). It took my landlord another two days to call me back and another four days to get an electrician to the apartment. He was on vacation. It sounded like he had a great time.


Thanks to CMC 5-12-110, my roommate and I were able to withhold an appropriate amount of rent to reflect the reduced use of our apartment. When we mailed him our rent checks I also mailed him that page of the municipal code. It was a little petty but boy did it feel good.


Now that we’ve declined to resign our lease (in two months), he’s claiming that he can show the apartment with as little as 15 minutes notice. He can’t, he has to give at least 48 hours notice (according to 5-12-050). 


I mailed him that part of the municipal code too.


Thanks so much to everyone for their amazing help and advice. You gave me the confidence and backup to stand up to my landlord who had been sneaking a lot of stuff by us! 
I live in Massachusetts.  My wife and I have been renting the same property for at least eight years.  We've always had a cat, which was permitted when we moved in.  The landlord lives on the second floor of the house, in a different apartment.

We go away on weekends with some regularity, and at the end of one such weekend this year, our landlord cornered my wife outside (I was such inside the bathroom...) and started claiming that we had a non-permitted second cat (untrue,) and said that we shouldn't have a cat if we weren't going to stay home and take care of it.  He went on to say that he didn't want us giving spare keys to anybody, which is obviously a requirement for a pet sitter.

We didn't believe he had the power to make such rules, and decided to just keep doing what we were doing, and look for a house on the side (the housing market near Boston is its own horror story.)  Well, this weekend, our sitter texted to report that when he went to the apartment, our landlord spotted him and started shouting at him.  We don't have the full story yet, but we do know that the kitty was fed.

I was unable to find any specific laws or posts about this situation.  Do we have rights to distribute keys and hire sitters under the law?  
Hey guys! I have a minor update for you. First, I wanted to thank you all for the help you provided the other day. We are adding the signs, game cameras, and updating the fence. 

My dad went and got a copy of the deeds from our property and the landlocked property. It turns out that the landlocked property has an easement from the third-party property I showed in my last post. He does NOT have one through our property. The seller of the landlocked property is telling people it is through our property though because we have a road and the other one does not. We have informed the person who we believe will buy it and he was hostile, but he understood he had no grounds to use our property. I’m hoping this will be the end of it. 
Hi! Not planning to take legal action here yet but I lurk on this Reddit sometimes and I am definitely curious about something! Location: USA, Pennsylvania

I just moved into a great new apartment last month. It’s a house where the downstairs is my own apartment and the upstairs is the landlord’s apartment. One important thing to know is that my kitchen is detached from my other rooms. I have to go through a common hallway to reach my kitchen, but it is MY kitchen. Only problem with the place  is that the landlord has been doing some weird stuff that makes me uncomfortable. 

I was going to try to skip over the socially weird stuff that he does and keep it to the stuff that I think could be illegal. But he’s very creepy. He comes down and knocks on my door often, just to be like “What are you doing today?” This has happened once or twice a week the past few weeks. Once he even called me. He was like “I’m going to a party with some other property owners in the neighborhood, wanted to know if you would like to come too...” which isn’t that bad, but when I said no he started pressing me. He got kind of mad, started being like “you know this is really disappointing to me, I thought maybe you’d want to support your new neighborhood etc” I ended up hanging up on him. I don’t want to be friends with my landlord. I hate the dynamic and he’s also probably the same age as my grandparents. 

My apartment has three doors basically. But two of them are nailed shut and can’t be used. It’s an old house that was converted to be apartments. Last week he came down and knocked on the main door. I didn’t want to talk so I didn’t answer. So then...he goes down and knocks on the second and third doors really hard, knowing those can’t be used. I stayed quiet and just didn’t answer. Five minutes later I get an email. “Just knocked on your door to see what you’re up to. Thought I heard you down there but I guess not.” Which once again, probably not illegal but really weird and really makes me not like him. He also tries to get me to help him with things in his apartment. Like moving things around etc. I won’t do it. Not that I’m opposed to helping someone but he just makes me so uncomfortable that I don’t feel good going up to his place. He asks several times a week if I can help him with a “favor” or “chore” upstairs. Haven’t said yes yet. 

So that gives an idea of what he’s like. He is really bad at personal space. And so far it’s rubbing me the wrong way. But last week he really did something that I feel is illegal. I was having some friends over for dinner in my kitchen. While we were eating he came down and just barged into my kitchen. He stood really close to one of my friends and was like “I heard you having a party down here and wanted to introduce myself to your friends. I don’t think I’ve met them before.” And then he did so. All of us were pretty freaked out. We were all sitting at the table and he was standing over us, right over the table, rocking back and forth. Just kind of making small talk. Trying to get to know my friends. He has come to my kitchen doorway before to say hello while he’s walking through the hallway but has never come into my kitchen. I eventually got him to leave by just saying “Alright, bye”repeatedly and then I stood up and showed him to the door. My friends left immediately afterwards. One of them was kind of upset and just freaked out about the way he was being. I didn’t know what to do. I was so mad. The next day I sent him an email, so that it could be documented in writing. I said basically, what you did last night is not okay. You are never allowed in my apartment without permission. I pay you rent for my place, you respect my privacy, Etc. Made it clear that it pissed me off and I wasn’t okay with it. He tried to make me feel bad in his response and didn’t really apologize. He was like “well I heard there was company in my house and I wanted to introduce myself. I was just trying to be nice and social” or something like that. Tried to make it seem like he’s this innocent lonely old man. Doesn’t seem to think that what he did was wrong! I don’t buy it. Keep in mind that he’s been a landlord for a long time and has had many tenants and has to know how this stuff works. He’s a creep. 

So what I’m wondering is...if he does something like this again is there legal action I can take? Do landlords have to give a notice before coming into your apartment? I thought that was a thing. The reason I’m worried/wondering is because I haven’t lived here but a few weeks and he’s already pushed these personal boundaries very aggressively. If he continues down this path of invading my privacy, there’s got to be something I can do, right?
This is an update to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5ahsp8/neighbor_has_a_camera_pointing_at_my_front_door_i/).

Tldr: In California, neighbor has pointed a surveillance camera towards my front door. I pointed an IR blocker onto it to block it, he called the cops and they told me I should remove the blocker while confirming that he can point his camera towards my door.

So I went and bought some used security cameras and installed them on my house, pointing at his front door, his back door, and at every one of his windows. It took him less than 18 hours to come and ask me to put them down, where he agreed to put down his camera as well. I told him that I was going to live stream the footage online as well but it's no longer necessary.

We have an agreement now. All cameras are removed. I returned the cameras and got full refund. 
I recently discovered that my best friend whom I was sharing an apartment with had installed an application to my phone that is designed for parents who want to spy on their teenage children. I found out because a mutual friend invited me to a secret group on a social media site where she was posting the personal information from my phone and bashing me with others. There was a lot of speculation about me and things being said that weren't true. There were 500 classmates in this group that attend my college. Can I pursue her in court for this?

[Original post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6vn9j2/daughter_helped_break_window_on_friends_boat_whos/?st=j9d1wech&amp;sh=a0acbdf7)

This is going to be short, and has been proof read by my lawyer.

The short version is, we were sued. During discovery it was found that the window that was broken was not the ships original window, and it was not even close to spec. If his boat was anything more than amarina queen and fair weather sailer, it could have broken under way under typical use.

He tried to seem "reasonable" by accepting he was just as at fault as the rest of us parents, and he'd pay an equal share, which was not the end result.

In the end, we didn't have to pay a dime, he didn't have to pay our legal fees but they were not too bad, and I am absolutely amazed at how quickly this all got settled.

We no longer talk to that friend.
I purchased my first rental house in October and have been renting it to a college student since late December. I felt pretty comfortable renting it to this student because his dad owns a building moving company and had deep pockets, so I didn't need to worry too much about if they did damage to the property and I could expect rent on time. The father signed on the rental contract and pays the rent.

In January the AC unit in the house went out and I was quoted several thousand to get it replaced. Due to unrelated personal financial issues I wasn't able to get the work done immediately. I didn't want to leave my tenant without AC so I offered his father the chance to prepay 4 months rent so I could get the AC replaced immediately. I was just trying to make the best of a bad situation. 

The father was rightly pissed and chewed me out over the phone for a bit. Two days later he showed up at my house drunk and threatening/screaming/etc and saying I'd pay for screwing his son. He left after I threatened to call the police. I never heard anything from him after this, but rent kept showing up, so I decided to forget about it since the son shouldn't suffer for his fathers faults. 

I finally had the money to get the AC replaced so I scheduled the contractor to have it installed on Wednesday. Texted the son that the AC would be replaced on Wednesday and he just said "Haha sure". On Wednesday the contractor couldn't find the house. He told me there was no house at the address I gave him. I double checked the address with the realtor and against some documents I had but the contractor insisted it was wrong, so I scheduled him again yesterday morning so I could drive him to the house. The contractor was right, there's no longer a home at the address.

The father and son aren't responding to me any longer, but I've left voicemails. The neighbors confirmed that the house had indeed been taken by the fathers moving company. I'm really kind of shocked. I don't even know how to precede. The only reason I'm not freaking out is I know that I the father has the money the pay for this monumental fuck up. Will insurance cover this sort of thing? What type of lawyer do I need? If I find the house will I have ownership of the land it's on? Will I need to move it back to my property? Can a house be moved twice? Does this sort of thing require a permit, and could I get in trouble if he didn't have one? Really any advice would be helpful, there are so many questions now.
EDIT: The GPS is in company vehicles. Not our personal vehicles. Sorry for the mistake.

The $500 that was being deducted would come out of my bonus/commissions, not my salary. Sorry for any confusion.

Hello r/legaladvice,

Like the title says. My owner is doing some things that I feel aren't legal. I've also requested specifics regarding these violations so that I can avoid them in the future. I am in the US and in Texas.

I'm assuming that I'm penalized when I surpass a certain RPM too quickly or apply too much pressure to the break pedal. But either the equipment isn't accurate every time or there are other variables involved because I can't seem to pinpoint what I need to do to eliminate my errors (that's just when it's within my control). The owner will not give me the guidelines to these violations so I don't even know what to not do.

After implementing this system he felt that anything below 90% (I do not know where he got this percent) would be treated as a failure for that quarter and penalize anyone who failed by taking $500 from their paychecks. I received an 89% so I was penalized. It was than discovered at a later date that the system will often times give employees a score of 99% when they hadn't even driven that day. So he changed the failure score to 89%, but would not reimburse me despite the inaccurate measuring.

I know there are things that every driver can do to make themselves better but it seems half of the time when I receive a violation it's the result of another driver which makes losing $500 even more frustrating.

I guess my concern is, can my employer create whichever kind of rules he'd like to and penalize us for whatever amount of money he wants to penalize us for not following those rules?

Thanks!
Original Post [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8ww6wr/mi\_my\_brother\_33m\_needs\_a\_new\_guardian\_i\_want\_it/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8ww6wr/mi_my_brother_33m_needs_a_new_guardian_i_want_it/)

I'm so happy I can finally post an update on this! A week after my original post, my dad filed a petition for a change of guardianship. It took about a week after filing to set a court date, and court was yesterday (8/27).

&amp;#x200B;

The court had appointed John an attorney and Guardian Ad Litem (which I admittedly had to look up what that meant) before the hearing. I talked with this attorney about a week before the hearing, he asked me a few questions in regards to why I wanted to be guardian, how I felt about the responsibility, if I was comfortable being put in the middle of conflict between my parents, that kind of thing. I told him I had no problems being between my parents, I've been in the middle of them before, and that this is something I've wanted since I was 8, and that I have several certifications/credentials that make me a good choice.

&amp;#x200B;

I still had some anxiety because of my mother, I had a feeling that she was going to try to bring up some of my past (mainly try to use the Domestic Violence I survived against me somehow). My partner did a great job giving me pep talks, helping me organize, prepare the outfit I was going to wear to court, and helping me prepare what I was going to say to the judge.

&amp;#x200B;

So, yesterday. Got to the courthouse with my dad and partner. My mother was there with my brother and some woman I'd never seen before. My mother introduced me to her as a friend of hers, and didn't talk about why this woman was there. My mom was cordial before the hearing, we talked about a separate family matter, and she didn't let on about anything that was about to happen in that courtroom.

&amp;#x200B;

Our docket was called, we filed into the courtroom, the judge came in, standard stuff. My dad got sworn in, made his statement about why he wanted to remove John's previous guardian and appoint me. The judge seemed pleased asked if anyone objected, which is where my mother spoke up. The judge rolled his eyes, begrudgingly swore her in, and allowed her to make a statement. I should have expected this, I don't know why I was surprised... Her statement was "I don't think she's ready. John has a rare disease, and she's not qualified. She doesn't know what it's like to do this job. While she's had her current job for a little over a year now, she's changed jobs a lot before then and moved a lot, her life has been really unstable, she doesn't have her life together." She then went on to suggest the random woman she brought to court with her as an alternate. "This is a personal friend of mine. I asked 5 other people, they all said 'no,' then I asked her, and she said 'yes.' She actually acknowledges John, most people don't. John knows her, he likes her. I think she would be a better option as a third party guardian instead."

&amp;#x200B;

The judge didn't even acknowledge the woman my mother mentioned, and he didn't even bother giving the "she doesn't have her life together" statement the time of day. While my mother had been talking, I had pulled out my certificates and credentials and was organizing them at the table, and the judge had noticed my preparedness. When my mother stopped talking,. the judge turned to me, asked me if I had a statement (he expected my response), and swore me in. I told the judge this was something I have wanted for 20 years, listed off my certifications and credentials, mentioned the support I have through work, my relationship with CMH, and my experience with persons with Autism. I also stated that I have no issues whatsoever with being in the middle of my parents, that I've done it before, and I'll gladly do it again. I love my parents, and while it's not pleasant being in the middle, it's not about them, it's not about me, it's about what's best for my brother. The judge seemed pleased by this and awarded me guardianship!

&amp;#x200B;

After the gavel came down, I began walking out of the courtroom, John was walking out with me. My mother grabbed onto John and held him in the courtroom to talk to the woman she brought with her. I said "mom, they called the next case, we have to leave," to which she replied "I know" and continued chatting with her friend. The judge was still in the courtroom, he saw it. I didn't take the bait and left the courtroom. In the hall, I was talking to John's attorney. My mother eventually came out with John, I went to give him a kiss,she kept pulling him away, and she asked me "are you mad" to which I simply said "yes," gave John a kiss, and went to go get my paperwork. The woman my mother brought with her pulled me aside, and from the way she spoke to me, she had NO IDEA how qualified I actually I am for this, but she said "I think you'll be a great guardian."

&amp;#x200B;

So, I've finally achieved something I've wanted for a very long time. My mother's already told the family that I'm not speaking to her (which is ridiculous), so that war will be starting soon. But, it's worth it. I'm so happy!!! Thanks for all the advice!!!!

&amp;#x200B;

TL;DR - I got guardianship of my brother, started a war with my mother. Win some, lose some.
My mom asked me to get a bunch of viruses off her computer today. Found a folder titled, "Sins of my Children" and opened it. Found weird poetry and IRC chat logs of some guy offering to kill my wife and me. They seemed to be in some sort of online relationship. Half the chat was sappy love promises, the rest was her telling him about all the ways my brother and I have wronged her. Nearly everything was a lie. The accusations were insane. She gave this guy my address and a shit ton of personally identifying information about me and my wife. And he said he knew people who could "take care of us" for her, to show his devotion or shit. She agreed and there was a conversation negotiating prices. 

I understand he's probably bullshitting but the whole thing was deranged. The dude also doesn't live too far from me either based on what he said, a few hours drive. My wife is pregnant (this was one of my many "sins" apparently having my own child means I'm replacing my mom) and I am not risking of some psycho who knows my address showing up here if I can help it.

Is this serious enough to be reportable to cops or would they laugh me out of the station? Does it constitute a threat legally speaking? I took screenshots that I emailed to myself, so I have evidence if so. How should I deal with this?

(And yeah, relationship with mom will be a lot more distant now.....)
No. You cannot.

We get multiple questions a week with guys asking if they can write up an enforceable contract that forces the woman they slept with to get an abortion if she gets pregnant. In addition, many of these people also want to know if they can have her sign a contract making it impossible for her to collect child support.

If you don't want to worry about unintended pregnancy, don't have sex. If you are going to be an adult and have a sexual relationship, you also need to be an adult and understand that children can result from your actions.

EDIT: Here is a short excerpt from a user below as to way this is not possible, as written by a Wisconsin state judge. Find the whole thing [here](http://www.whdlaw.com/Publications/Dodd_WisconsinJournalOfFamilyLaw_5-12.pdf).

&gt;In sum, the judge found that family matters are matters of public interest, and the consequences of family contracts (and the court’s decisions regarding them) are more significant to society than those of other contracts.
Accordingly, the public interest must always be taken into account because the impairment or breach of family responsibilities generally results in injury to the public wholly apart from the effect upon the parties immediately concerned.
[MS Paint Diagram (since y'all seem to like those)](https://imgur.com/x7wGeKJ)

I inherited this house &amp; surrounding property from my great grandparents when they passed away. This includes two rental properties, which my great-grandfather had been renting out for years to two families. Relations between the three families had always been cordial, even when my great grandparents passed a few years ago and I became the new "landlord", though the "dads" of both families are only a little younger than my grandfather, and I get the impression from our interactions they chafe a little bit that their new landlord is a woman in her late 20s, but I figured everything is fine because I've never raised the rent beyond what my great-grandfather set it at, and I always have professionals over to deal with any issues on the homes within 24 hours of receiving a call from them.

About three years ago, a local kid was messing around in my magnolia trees, and broke his leg. My homeowner's insurance paid the settlement to the kid's family, but just to be on the safe side I had a surveyor come out and mark the property line for my "lot" (they also used the word "plat", but I'll be honest, this isn't my area of expertise) vs the lots of the two rental houses, and then had a contractor come out and put a white PVC fence at the property line, just to ward off a repeat incident.

Like some kind of fairy-tale, the kids of the families that rent from me fell in love and have decided to get married. They wanted to have a "block party" and the bride's father asked if I'd be okay with them decorating on my property as well, since it's part of the block. I admit, I took "decorating" to mean things like hanging lights or other traditional wedding decorations, so I gave my consent.

This morning I woke up to the sound of chainsaws, and went outside to discover the parents of the bride &amp; groom were cutting down my magnolia trees (each tree is about 80 years old - this house was purchased as a wedding present for my great grandmother, and they planted magnolias there when they got married. If my great grandmother had lived she'd be turning 100 next year) because they didn't match the bride's "aesthetic vision". 

I told them to stop immediately, I didn't give them permission for that, and I was going to call the police. They stopped, but when I went inside to grab my cell they started up again.

When I confronted them, I was basically told that since they're my tenants, I'd just be suing myself, so I could "suck it up, buttercup". I admit, I was more than a little intimidated by a group of men with chainsaws. I went back in my house while they continued cutting and called the police, who came out and told them to stop, and gave them tickets, but they started up again once the police were gone. I called the police again, and they haven't come back out yet. I've also already called an arborist friend of mine (I'm a florist), to come out and do an assessment immediately. I called my insurance company as well, and they're going to have someone call me back. But while I'm waiting, I thought I would ask here: Can I sue them? Or am I, as their landlord, liable for their actions against me? Needless to say, no one is getting their lease renewed, even though they've lived here for decades.

Sorry if this is rambly, The trees hold a lot of sentimental value to my family and I, so this is very emotionally draining.
Canada.
We were having a fight for a few days and i moved a few things over to a friends. Two days later my phone rings from our neighbour asking why there is a fire truck and ambulance at my house. My 5 year old and 13 year old boys were there playing video games while she laid down in bed not feeling well and had a heart attack apparently. Doctors said she went 45 minutes plus without oxygen to her brain. My 13 year old said that the little one came and said that Mum won't wake up. Her parents are acting like i murdered her and swept my children to their house. Her family is huge and I have none. They were my Family. They are telling me that we were separated and it doesn't matter how long. I was a stay at home dad and also worked nights in the family business. I have a Legal Aid lawyer but they have said i need a private bar lawyer to pursue property issues. I have no money for that. They went into my house and took all the legal documents and jewelry. They took her phone and read all of our intimate text messages. I have had a complete mental breakdown and have so far left my children with them as not to upset them any further and have been dealing with this solely by Myself. How can people be like this regardless of their opinion of our life. We were happy and did it on our own. Just trying to type this out and maybe see what anyone else has to say. I am so confused and broken. Why do these people think my children should lose both parents because we were in a deep argument. 16 years, 10 months and 30 days we were together. House paid off. We must have been doing something right but not according to these people. I am no perfect angel but my heart has always been in the right place. They are very wealthy. All of a sudden my Daughter wont take the phone to speak to me which was a complete surprise yesterday. We did family hugs and said i love you daily. I have always been there and been over the top protective. If they had a problem with my parenting why have they never said it before and now tell me they are "protecting" them? I was always a good loving Dad. I am so worried about my children these people are not what my kids need. they need to be with me. They have been with me their entire lives and now this? How can they do this? I miss her so much. I want to comfort my children. They told me to get my "stuff" together and in the future I can be the Dad again and they will be the Grandparents. Wth? Who made them the powers of the universe. I need help.
I don't know if this is the right sub. There is so much more to the story. Is there anybody out there? I am reaching out to the internet for this as i am stumped legally and so much more. Kids are now 14, 11, and 5. I'n in complete electrifying terror. I miss my Woman so bad. She was the only person I could talk to because we "got it" in terms of life. Pressure somehow got to us. Trying my best here. Sorry if formatting is bad I am all over the place. There were no abuse issues in the house. Some arguing about chores/ video games/ etc.
Alright I'm pissed as hell. Last week out of the blue cops came and told me that I'm under arrest for unpaid child support. I told them that I don't have a child and they said they don't care and they have to arrest me. I asked to see the arrest warrant but they pushed me to the wall and handcuffed me and took me. I work at a credit union. This happened in front of people. 

Later that day, they let me go telling me this has been a mistake. I asked for details but the officer told me to "count myself lucky" and "don't push my luck" and "get the hell out of here".

I came back the next day to my job only to learn the I was being let go because the union needs to save face. Boss told me that he's sorry but this is a policy and they let people go at the first sight of issues with law that are brought to work. My contract was at will. Boss also said that he's sorry but he's going to have to inform anyone who seeks references of what he observed (in other words, my career is ruined as nobody will hire me anymore).

This is ridiculous. They can't do this to my life and get away with it. Do I have any rights? This has resulted in me losing a job, probably ruined career and reputation. Who do I sue for damages?

Location: New York
(I posted this already in r/nostupidquestions but they referred me here)

This is honestly a super bizarre story from the beginning, but it all started with a strange encounter that happened with my landlord this past Monday night.

To give you some brief background information, I have lived in the studio apartment on the end of the building he owns. It consists of his apartment on the end, then in the middle is our neighbor who lives alone, then there's me on the other end. I've lived there by myself for about a year and a half now, and there have never been any incidents like this until now. I'm a 26-year-old female and he's about in his late 40s or early 50s. 

But here's a quick run-down of what happened that night. It first started when I called him to let him know I had the rent for the week. When he came to my door to collect it as he always does, he randomly asked if I was okay. My friend was over at the time so he motioned for me to step out. I do, then the first thing he tells me is that he recently saw me smoking meth or crack in the driveway which is 100% false, meaning at this point I'm already confused and realizing something strange is going on. I immediately was like uhhh no you didn't because I don't even smoke weed or cigarettes, let alone fucking meth or crack. He then said he saw me get out of my friend's SUV one day blowing out a bunch of smoke. I just told him he definitely didn't see me blow anything out, and that we could go get a drug test if he's really that worried about it. He then said never mind, he just wanted to make sure I was okay. so i thought that was weird as hell, because even if he did see me blow smoke out why would he automatically assume it was meth or crack?

But then, he called me right after my friend left to apologize, and asked if he could stop by. I said yes thinking nothing of it, assuming he wanted to check the place out and make sure there wasn't anything sketchy going on regarding drugs which apparently is my thing now. He comes in and sits down on the bed (since i don't have couches or anything), but I immediately offered for him to sit in the fold-out chair but he said he was fine where he was. 

He then starts initiating small talk, asking how my job is going and whatnot, before randomly stating that he just gets lonely at his place by himself so he wanted to stop by for a few. So I was like okay... starting to get a weird vibe from him. 

At some point we end up on the topic of politics, and I was just saying how I try to be as open-minded as possible when it comes to stuff like that, blah blah blah. At this point I come up with a reason to leave by saying I'm late to meet my friend for dinner. So I get up to get my shoes and he suddenly asks "so how open-minded are you?" and I was like uh... what do you mean? To which he replies, "Oh, well I happen to have a bit of a foot fetish... and was wondering if I could suck on your toes for a bit".

I was immediately taken aback, because this came out of nowhere and I'm starting to feel increasingly uncomfortable with the whole situation. I simply explained that I don't like people touching my feet while heading towards the door. He then gets up and kinda steps in front of the door and goes "you won't just give me 5 minutes? That's all i need is 5 minutes". So I went and stood by the knives, because I don't know what he's about to do and I'm getting a full-on rapey vibe at this point. He asked me about one or two times before finally opening the door and letting me out. 

I just have no idea what to do or how to go about this situation. I know nothing physical happened, but the entire encounter was so bizarre and unsettling that it's legitimately fucking with me. I don't even feel comfortable being in my own apartment by myself, especially since he has the keys to get in. 

I'm currently looking for new places to go but is it something worse suing over? Do I need more proof? Or do I just leave the whole thing alone and hope I find a new place quickly?
Hello all. I was a pretty broke artist. A few years ago, I learned that the furry scene, especially NSFW, was a great way to make money (despite me not being a furry). I have now a decent amount of clients and fans and am able to pay bills / pay for college education. Not to toot my horn, but I think my stuff is pretty good. 

I have one specific client who has been following me since the beginning days. He has spent well over 8k on commissions and prints from me. Recently, I was at Anthrocon in Pittsburgh and was with some of my friends. I said I wasn't even a furry in passing to them. He was at my table in his fursuit. He sounded pretty angry, but ended up stomping off then. Later that day, I got an email from him saying he was going to sue me for not being a furry but making furry art... for lying to him and for fraud. I brushed that off. A few days later, he also "exposed" me on social media and I have gotten a few more messages from people saying they won't be buying art from me anymore. I am a little worried that that will impact my business as well. 

Anywho, I got papers in the mail today that looked legit saying I was going to be sued for the money he spent on my art. What do? Shoud I lawyer up?  I can't afford too much but I should be able to out of my sayings. I was also wondering if there was action I could take towards him for "exposing" me. 

TL;DR: (PA) I do furry art for living despite not being a furry. One of my clients learned this, and told me he would sue me for fraud and lying. I brushed it off, but got something about it in the mail today. 

Edit - looked up the company on the letter head and it was fake. Guess I have no problem here until further notice. But, if I do get served actual letter, what to do?
I'm a software engineer and last week I received an offer after I completed the interview process. I countered and the hiring manager asked to see me to finalize the negotiations in person.

I lost my index finger at the age of 14 (I am 33 now). I have completely adapted to this and it has no effect on my ability to work. I studied CS in college and have been working as a software engineer for over a decade.

Basically after this hiring manager noticed my finger, he said the offer is off and quoted that they're looking for someone who is physically able to perform the job. So we didn't even attempt to negotiate and I was out of the door in less than 2 minutes.

I'm aware that discrimination against people with disability is illegal but I'm also aware that if a disability disallows someone from doing their job properly then it's fine (you can't be a customer service agent at a call center if you're deaf). I don't know where I'm falling on this spectrum as a finger is technically necessary to type, but I still have 9 and can type as fast as anyone.

Any help is appreciated.
I recently had some tree work done at my home in Connecticut. The arborist wrongfully cut down a 20 foot tree in my yard that was the only source of privacy between my neighbor's home and my home. The work order clearly states they were only supposed to prune the tree. 

The vendor is now demanding full payment for the job. They have offered to replace the tree with an arborvitae, but this is unacceptable. What are my options?
This past weekend I was drugged and raped the night before my morning shift. Because of this, I was in the ER for 6 hours- from around 3am to 9:30. 

I called in to work 6 hours early saying that I was in the ER and that I didn’t know when I would be done. My boss asked for a doctor’s note, which I sent once I got my discharge paperwork. The note only said “PATIENT NAME was at HOSPITAL ER on DATE/TIME” under the heading “Work/School Note”. For some reason, my boss didn’t believe that I was actually in the ER, and over the phone asked me to bring in “all the papers they gave you”, including my “diagnosis and treatment”. I said I was uncomfortable doing this as it was private but he doubled down. 

I am aware Maryland is an at will state so they could fire me for any non protected reason. Also, if it matters, this is a minimum wage retail job that I have worked for 2 years and I have only called out once before.

I am next at work on Saturday and wanted to know legally what I am supposed to provide.
Is it legal for an employer to ask for my medical records? Am I required to provide anything beyond what I have given? 

Thank you all so much, I’m really freaking out.
this is really long but i want to make sure i convey the entirety of the situation. **tldr and update at the bottom.**

this weekend my boyfriend and i stayed at an airbnb in the desert in **nevada**. the place we stayed at was on a lovely ranch that had a bunch of animals — horses, dogs, rabbits, chickens, etc. the day we arrived the place was ready for us but no one was at the ranch. there were several ranch dogs running around who looked very well-taken care of and were super friendly, despite being stuck outside in the 113 degree heat. 

my boyfriend and i were walking around scoping out the ranch and trying to see if we could find the host or anyone that worked there, petting the dogs, taking some photos/etc. then we saw this other dog walking around slowly. when we got closer we were horrified at his condition — i don’t even know where to start. 

you could see every one of his bones. he looked like a lab/retriever/shepherd mix but his hair was so matted and dreaded i wasn’t sure. he could barely barely walk. he was covered in flies and smelled like a corpse. his eyes were so infected they had sunken in and there were flies in his eyelids. his nose was super rotted/scabbed up and raw, and he was missing half his teeth. i’m pretty sure he was deaf because he only responded to us when we knelt down in front of him. he was covered in sores and open wounds. he was wearing a heavy studded leather collar with no tag, and there was an open wound under the collar from how much it had rubbed into his skin. the pus/blood from the wound had rusted the buckle on the collar so we couldn’t even get it off.

when we found the dog we desperately tried to find someone at the ranch but for some reason no one was there (it was like 5/6pm). we had no cell service so we couldn’t get in touch w our airbnb host and the wifi code they gave us didn’t work. we were positive the dog wasn’t theirs anyway, because there were several other dogs on the property who looked very fat and happy and healthy. 

we got the dog some water and fed him some soft bread. he was ravenous and practically inhaled that water and two more bowls we filled for him. then he collapsed at my feet and legitimately thought he was going to die. we decided to take him to a vet or a shelter  but because we were in the wilderness, the nearest one was an hour away. 

i wrapped him up in a blanket and held him in the backseat while my boyfriend sped to the vet. the car was full of flies. we cranked the AC and he slept the whole way there. we carried him into the vet and they took him back. while i was filling out paperwork, the vet tech came out and told us that his wounds were full of maggots that had gotten so deep into his body it wasn’t possible to save him so they’d have to put him down. 

i knew he was in bad shape but i guess part of me was sure he could be saved. i was fucking heartbroken, and i know he’s not in pain anymore but i was so so sad he was stuck out in the desert without anyone to love him for so long. we named him stevie. 

ANYWAY! we got back to our airbnb, the next morning got breakfast and met the host etc etc. we were chatting and i decided to tell her about the dog in case the owner ever came around looking for him (doubtful). it turns out that the dog belonged to the fucking ranch!! the lady was saying all this insane shit about how the dog just pretends to be really droopy and sad so you’ll give him attention, and he’s just old. she said they’d been thinking about putting him down for the last SIX weeks but they wanted to “let nature take its course.” i was losing my shit but just kept my cool cus i didn’t wanna piss her off considering the delicate situation of me uh, putting her dog down. she seemed very nonplussed about it, but she did say that she’s glad we told her because if the dog had gone missing, “we would have frantically looked all over for the little guy.” ???? how do you care about a dog and also let it become malnourished and infested with maggots and flies? 

and THEN she asked if we were able to recover the collar from the vet (!???&amp;$) and i said no because the collar was rotted into his flesh...

we left the airbnb a little later and then she messaged me via airbnb and asked me for the info and name of the vet we took him to. i gave her the info and called the vet just to give them a heads up that the owners might come asking for the dog. 

so to get to my question — i’m concerned this woman might try to go after me for getting her dog put down (despite the fact that she said they were planning on doing it themselves and that they wanted “nature to take its course”). is this even remotely a possibility or am i just being paranoid? i should have maybe tried harder to get a hold of the host once we got into cell service, but all i had on my mind was getting the dog some medication attention asap. thanks in advance for your help. 

(also RIP stevie, hope you’re painlessly frolicking in pup heaven and someone’s brushing your hair and giving you tummy rubs and snackies. you were a good boy.) 

**tldr:** found what we thought was an abandoned dog in near-dead condition on a ranch. took it to the vet, had to be euthanized. turns out he belonged to the ranch owners who said they were just letting “nature take its course” and now they’re asking me for the vet’s info. should i be worried/do they have any grounds to sue me or press charges for my killing their dog??

**UPDATE:** I've reached out to Airbnb and let them know what happened so that I can post an honest review without any repercussions (although based on some comments here, it seems as if Airbnb is not favorable to the customer and usually sides with the host). I've also reached out to the clinic and got copies of 1) the Good Samaritan form I filled out upon arrival detailing his condition, the place I found him (the ranch), and his lack of identifying tags; and 2) the medical report from the vet detailing the large number of maggots and the need to euthanize him, as well as the fact that he wasn't chipped and was classified as a stray. When I spoke to the receptionist on the phone this morning, she recommended I report the issue to animal control, so I'm going to do that shortly. Still waiting to hear from Airbnb, which is concerning. 

I'm located in Virginia. I purchased a wedding gown that cost me over $11k, then paid substantially more in alterations. Over the weekend, my future mother in law decided to attempt to put on my dress and failed horribly. Long story short, it's beyond repair and completely ruined. I also have reason to believe that she caused deliberate damage to the dress because of certain areas that were torn. 

My fiance doesn't believe that we're able to take her to court and recoop the money because "it's just a dress" and he thinks the cost of the dress doesn't meet some financial threshold to sue her. I want to know if that's true and if it would be feasible to file a police report on her because of the more deliberate damage. I know it's just "a dress" but this goes beyond the dress. 
***Original post:***
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/473r84/texted_a_girl_sexually_on_an_18_only_app_skout/

***Original text:***
I messaged this girl on the app a couple days ago saying hey. She replied and said "message me your number and I'll text you." Keep in mind to use the Skout adult app you need to sign an agreement that you're at least 18. I was an idiot and gave out my number. She texted me next day and we sexted about 10 minutes. I received only one nude pic and it looked like just some random vagina. I sent a few things and she stopped texting. Today her "dad" calls me and says she is actually a minor and he's willing to not press charges if i'm willing to "help him out" by Western unioning him almost $5000. I'm really scared, I'm 25, live in DFW and never been in any trouble my whole life. I also have a great career. She supposedly lives in SC somewhere. Is he bluffing or not, that is what I'm faced with. If he isn't and he does press charges will I be okay since she lied when signing up for the site? The last thing I want to do is go to court. :, (




***Updated Information:***
I did as you guys have informed me. I blocked his number and didn't hear anything back until the next day. When I woke up I had another text from him (I could tell because it was same area code) on a different phone. It said "(My Name), why did you block me? I was starting to think your a nice guy but I guess you want to get the police involved. It would be a shame to expose you at work like this as well" 

ALSO, I received a call that had my area code in it that left me a voice message!!!
I listened to the voice message and basically just said, "Hey (my name) I'm a sheriff with (my local police department) and I have a complaint about you with so and so's daughter and her father. Please call me back ASAP."

I have a friend who knows an undercover cop, he traced back the original numbers the guy was calling me from.. both disposables. He checked the number from the supposed police officer, disposable as well. He called it and went straight to a voice mail.

I then called my city police department to see if there were any records or complaints filed against me about anything. Not in the database at all! Then I called the police department for another town over (I was told it was where the number was from or something like that, I don't know how numbers work like that) I  talked to a Sergeant for Criminal Investigations. I told him everything that was going on, he said yeah it's a scam don't do anything. He kind of had a laugh about it.

So that's where I'm at with this right now, I also changed my phone number just to stop this shit for good. I didn't get much sleep last night, I've never been involved with something like this before. Thank you guys for helping me out, I think I would have seriously sent money to the guy if it wasn't for ya'll telling me it's a known scam.

**Edit:** Thank-you all for all the positivity in here. This is actually my first time posting on Reddit and has been quite the experience. I have my main account but just been lurking with that for about 2 years now. Thanks again from the bottom of my heart for saving me $5,000. If there's anything I can do for you guys I would do it! :)
Washington state.

I inherited a house from my uncle 3 years ago and by accident (trying to pass a cable there) I found a stack of cash hidden in the wall. I bought a stud finder and looked through all walls today and found about $100,000 cash, and a VHS cassette. They were all packaged in sealed very strong and thick plastic bags.

I ordered a VHS player for my computer already to see what's on the tape. But my question is whether I can take this cash to my bank and deposit them without raising suspicions? Do I need to do that $10,000 at a time, or all in one go? I want to use this to pay back my student loans which are now about $65,000. I'll use the rest to pay off my car and the rest for building an emergency fund.
Update to my post here: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/93zqvg/i_didnt_realize_i_was_pregnant_az/


I just wanted to thank everyone for all the advice and support. In addition to all the lawyer advice, I had people offering me diapers, baby stuff, or just someone to talk to! I haven’t ever had so many people be so kind to me before. I also had a lot of people saying nasty things- those people can keep “going their own way”, they are angry and bitter and taking it out on others.


Anyway, I just wanted to let everyone know that I am feeling a lot better, and I have a plan in place. I put in a transfer to a store in California, where my mom works. She’s going to retire this fall, so she’ll be able to help me out. I’ll probably go there before the baby is born, even though I really like my high-risk ob-gyn here.  I blocked my ex on social media, and I blocked his number. He hasn’t left any more threats in my mailbox, but if he does I will call the cops.


 I also reached out to my ex’s mom, who he is estranged from. She was actually glad to hear from me, and she says she will help me out if she can. She says my ex has no business calling DCS, because he actually has an open case against him in Maricopa county. He told me he didn’t see his 2 kids because his ex was being petty, but now I know there was more to that story. 


So sorry for the wall of text and thanks again!
Alright so things got absolutely crazy and I couldn't not update. So here's how it shook out. 

- We went to our landlord asking if there was another unit available for use to move into in the same complex because we were having some difficulties with our downstairs neighbor. (After reading over the lease requesting a room or building change is allowed for just about any reason as long as there's space available. We might have wound up with slightly higher rent but not so much higher that it would have caused financial problems). Landlord is confused, says the apartment below us is being rented by a woman not a man. We come to find out she's actually been letting him stay there against the terms of her lease. He was her boyfriend or something.

- Not entirely sure what happened next but I'm assuming landlord went and had words with her because he vanishes for two weeks. Yay!

-Come back home a couple days ago, find police cars and an ambulance in front of our building. Turns out he came back and tried to strangle her. One of her kids called 911 and the police managed to get him off of her. 

- She returns the next day. I bring her a casserole (idk it seemed neighborly?) and apologize because honestly had no idea it was going to snowball like this. She tells me not to worry, he was always kind of an abusive ass and he's definitely looking at jail time. Apparently upon doing a more thorough background check the police discovered he's been using someone's stolen identity. Three guesses what kind of warrant they found when they ran the right information? 

Her understanding it was drug related crime, so not like deliberate serial murder but more like things turning ugly in a room full of people. Either way I'm glad he's not coming back. Roomie is.... high strung but I'm optimistic that things will settle back down and she'll be able to breathe properly in about a month. I spent all night last night trying to find a news article to link to but either my google fu is weak or this somehow managed to slip under the radar of the local press. Which is a shame because I wanted proof this happened if only because this is going to be such a wild story to tell at parties. 

edit: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5kxm02/nc_our_neighbor_told_us_hed_killed_seven_people/
link to original post, sorry for forgetting it.
I live in Florida and while a friend was visiting.  his wife who he is divorcing called him concerned that my 9 year old daughter touched his 4 year old daughters "pee pee". We spoke to my daughter over the phone ( she is with Grandma) and hers. My daughter says it didn't happen. His daughter says it didn't happen. Do I have anything I should do to protect myself/daughter? Also tonight she came to my home trying to get his daughter and when I called the police she left.

Edit: wasn't expecting this many replies thank you. To clarify the 9yo is female (my step daughter) and the 4 yo is female as well. We have the kids of multiple friends over all the time and none have ever made allegations like this. We have decided that during their custody case that when my friend has his daughter we just won't hangout or allow the kids too. It sucks because his daughter even last night while this was happening was asking for my step daughter to come play. But while these allegations are made we will play it safe
[Link to previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4sfn3g/help_our_cat_sitter_is_refusing_to_give_us_our/)

Thank you so much to everyone who commented and PMd me on the last thread. You have no idea how much your support meant to me and how much it lifted my spirits. 

I'm so pleased to be able to update you that **Petal and James are safely back home with us!!**

We followed everyone's advice and called up the shelter she works at and advised them of the whole situation. We told them about how her credentials as a rescuer/foster carer were originally what made us feel comfortable about using her services, that she had taken the cats and was alleging abuse, that she had failed to take Petal's eyedrops, our concerns re animal hoarding etc. and we advised them that we would be pursuing her with the police and a private lawyer.

I say "we", but it was really my amazing husband who made the call while I was stuck at work.

That same day, I had an awkward moment where both myself and her mother were alone together in our office kitchen so I decided to just be really forthright with her and said, "I think you should know that [husband] and I have contacted the shelter [daughter] works for, and we've also filed theft reports with the police and have taken on a lawyer. We're also notifying animal control about the number of pets she has. It's not too late for her to stop this." (we actually hadn't gone to the station or called a lawyer yet, but I thought it might sound more serious). 

I don't know if it was her mom or the shelter that called her and told her to do the right thing, but my son called me at work just two hours later telling me that the daughter's boyfriend had just dropped Petal and James back home. My son said the boyfriend didn't say much and he didn't seem to know much about the drama, he just left the cats in my son's care and left.

I left work immediately and came home to my babies (oh, and my son lol). 

Both were well and safe, and we saw the vet that evening and had some tests done that we're still awaiting the results for - but all in all they seem fine. Petal's eyes were fine, and the vet said its possible she had access to the drops through the shelter, so that's a small mercy.

We still haven't decided if we're going to take it further legally. We have reported her to animal control regarding her pet numbers, but her instagram and facebook have gone into privacy lockdown so I don't know if she's still keeping the hero/victim narrative going or if there have been any consequences with the shelter. 

Again, thank you so much to everyone and I hope you can all rest a little easily (like I can) knowing that James and Petal are where they belong back home with us. 
Thought I'd post a quick update. My attorney spoke with my ex husband's attorney, and I don't know WHAT words were exchanged, but my ex agreed to the amended custody agreement, so she no longer has to see him. He made a big stink about how he's "not paying child support anymore", but I'm not very worried about it. I make enough that it's not really a concern, and I've lurked this sub enough to know that just because he doesn't have visitation, does not mean he gets out of paying child support. I'm a vindictive bitch so if he's late on a single payment I plan to pursue it as far as I can. 

As far as the shitcock that assaulted my daughter, I know very little, other than it's an "ongoing investigation" but that they will contact me when more information is available. I'm pretty sure he's been arrested, as I received a -lovely- email from my ex-Mother in Law, rambling about how I'm destroying her grandson's life, blah blah blah. I really don't care. I've blocked her, and my daughter has all of them blocked, so as far as I'm concerned they can die in a fire at the bottom of a well.

My daughter is doing well. She's joined a "larp" group (sorry I don't know what it is, they play something like dungeons and dragons but in costumes with fake weapons?) and seems to be bouncing back well. Not having to deal with her father or his family anymore seems to have lifted a weight off her shoulders. She is seeing a therapist regularly, though, as I know from my own bouts of depression that just because you seem fine does not mean you are.

I wanted to extend my thanks to everyone in this sub for how supportive and kind you've been through what is a very difficult time for my family. It was very helpful to have people able to calmly and clearly explain what my options were and what to expect when I was too angry to think straight. 
[See here for the original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5vbkez/oh_trying_to_get_my_girlfriend_a_state_id_but/).

Basically we were stuck for 15 months unable to get her an ID so that she could get a job, take classes, or get on public assistance.

The toughest challenge was proving her SSN. She never made it past 8th grade before her mom kicked her out at 14, and didn't have any actual doctor visits. Her mom had tossed all of her identifying documents (old passport, Social Security Card, birth certificate, etc). 

We tried what seemed to be everything (feel free to read the original post above).

In the end, she suffered a massive panic attack in March 2017 and I had to rush her to the hospital in West Virginia. We were assigned a case worker because they wanted to make sure I wasn't hurting her or anything, and we were lucky to have the nicest lady.

We had no way of proving my girlfriend's identity, but we gave her SSN to the case worker and she was able to look up in the system and verify that the SSN was accurate (she said that she technically wasn't allowed to do this, but wanted to help).

When my girlfriend was discharged, the case worker provided an extra form that had all of her information on it (address, SSN, etc, and again she said she wasn't supposed to do this).

We drove back to Ohio the next day and went to the BMV to try again to get the state ID.

We provided her birth certificate for proof of citizenship, a fishing license for proof of residency in Ohio, and the hospital form as a copy of medical records to prove her SSN. The worker at the BMV had their manager look at it and finally after 15 months, were able to get her an official ID.

We went to the Social Security office and ordered her Social Security Card. The next month it came in. She signed up for Medicaid and had her Emergency Room visit covered.

1 year later we're now doing great. She's working (very close by) and should be getting her actual driver license in about a month.

It's been hell but we got through it. I completely forgot to post a final update on this, but here it is. 1 year and 5 days after the last update.
For those who missed it, this was the original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7e385c/can_i_marry_my_potential_stepsister/ (Before the bot asks: location is New York)

So, it's been a wild week. I would've posted this sooner but I was spending Thanksgiving with my (now) wife and her father. We got married this week with my (now) father in law as witness, and my father in law has now separated from my mother after learning what a insane, manipulative piece of shit she was. With this weight lifted from our shoulders, we're the typical Honeymoon phase lovebirds you'd expect...except we haven't even had our Honeymoon yet. :)

But, it's not all good news. Since my mother called me, she realized I didn't know her work number, so after my father in law told her it was over, she called me repeatedly and harassed me about how I was "ruining her life" and that she would file for divorce on our behalf (and insisted you all were wrong about step-siblings being allowed to marry) until I finally figured out how to block that number. She also borrowed someone else's phone and called me on that, so I blocked that number, too. She hasn't tried any other phones yet, but I expect she will until I change my number again.

My father in law is also sad over all this. He said leaving her was the smart thing to do and for the best, but he's having a hard time coping. I don't blame him, of course, but I know I'd feel like shit if I was in the same situation. At least he didn't have to see my mom at her worst.

So, thank you all for all of your advice. My wife and I are very happy about starting a family next year after we get married in our Church. I'm glad I didn't rush into marriage like my mother (she got divorced and married another guy in the same year when I was 10), and we feel we made the right call getting the marriage license out of the way now so she can start the name change process before the wedding (I've been compiling phone numbers to call since my wife is taking my last name, and I never realized just how much work this involves).

Have a great rest of your Thanksgiving, guys! :)
Hi legal advice. Every time I have my bf over, without fail, the RA (who is one of my roommates) will start banging on the door and telling us to stop. Tonight we were doing homework but he still started banging on the door after 20 minutes.

Now, if he were enforcing a no sex policy, I'd be peeved but we could go elsewhere. But occasionally he'll have girls over and he seems to be as loud as he possibly can, as if he's trying to show off. I've tried telling him to knock it off but he tells me to fuck off or he'll get me kicked off campus. Is this legal? I feel like this is discrimination.
I'm trying to get my child help but the mother won't allow it. I had an appointment today but she said she filed a report with the insurance company and local police to not allow it.
(I called the local police and they said they received no such report)

I have visitation rights for the child but am I afraid to return the child due to the threats of suicide because she is afraid of her mother.
I'm supposed to return child today and she says she's waiting at the local police station for me to return the child as of this moment.

we have court july 2nd for 2 motions I've filed with the court regarding her not allowing visitation in the past along with her not providing a safe environment for the child. 


edit: I've called cps to check the mother's home and they sent me a letter saying my claim was unfounded. 

the child is afraid of the verbal abuse, punching and constant mood swings of the mother.

any help? I'm kind of in a pinch and it's an emergency. 
I just found out I am pregnant at 22 weeks. I have a medical condition called PCOS which means my period is irregular and I regularly get all kinds of bloating and cramping, which is why I didn’t realize until I felt kicks. I had an ultrasound and it is a girl, and I am going to keep it. 


But now my boyfriend is furious. He says I tricked him and trapped him. In the past I had told him I would have an abortion if I fell pregnant, but I thought I couldn’t get pregnant with this condition, so we weren’t being too careful and now that I’ve seen the baby I don’t want to have an abortion.


My boyfriend says if I don’t put the baby up for an adoption, he will call DCS and say that I was drinking and smoking during the pregnancy and get it taken away. He says he will come to the hospital and tell the doctors and nurses I’m a bad mom. He has been calling me nonstop and texting me with these threats. I don’t know what to do, and I don’t know if what he’s saying is the truth? 
Original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8ww8pk/housemates_married_im_renting_from_both_killed_in/

Thank you to everyone here for all of the advice and kind words.

I took the "contact HR" route suggested since social contacts weren't panning out. One HR department was able to pass on my contact details to the parent of one housemate who got in touch with me. Through her I established contact with the other set of parents and tied everyone together with the Sheriff's Office and county coroner.

Since everything is still up in the air about my housemate's property, everyone is OK with me continuing to live here and maintain the property while we sort it out. I'm absolutely holding my normal monthly rent payment to eventually give to someone as soon as that someone is identified.

Again, thank you all for the advice.

I'm in California and I sued Equifax via small claims court and got my judgement at end of October.  From what I've read, Equifax has 30 days before I can start collecting.

However, a couple weeks ago they've served me an appeal but the service paper does not have a new court date.  The service paper said to not contact the small claims court and the court will contact me.  How long do I wait?

Update:
- I checked my case status and got this
https://imgur.com/a/Ve7m4

Does this mean the court rejected the appeal?  Oh nevermind, Equifax probably just didn't pay for their appeal.  But does that mean they didn't file within 30 days so they're SOL?

Judgement was on 10/25 so did Equifax screwed up?

https://imgur.com/a/wU0eh

Update for new comers:

- Judgement is $360 + court fees on 10/25.

- Equifax served me Appeal on 11/8 via USPS.

- Clerk sent rejection letter for non payment of filing fees on 11/15

- It's been more than 30 days, time to collect?!?!

- The main basis of my case was that I should be able to choose my own credit monitoring service rather than use a service that's ran by Equifax, the company who lost my data in the first place.  The service offered by Equifax does not fully cover all credit bureaus in the US. They admit it as well and it's on their service description.

- Sounds to me like this won't fly as well in Civil court so I will probably try to find a legal angle to this.

- Obviously if I do come up with any argument I may not post it here since Equifax may be reading, sorry guys.  I'm only disclosing what I've already disclosed prior to today.

- Step by step process will be reserved for when I do get to collection to not encourage others to follow suit.  While I welcome what's to come, it may not be in your best interest and like others have said, even I might be in over my head.  Oh well.

- Worse case scenario, I lose $150 to Equifax for court fees due to:
&gt; Code of Civil Procedure sections 116.780 and 116.790. Section 116.780(c) provides that the court may award the winning party attorney’s fees actually and reasonably incurred in connection with the appeal, but not exceeding $150 (as well as lost earnings and transportation/lodging expenses not exceeding an additional $150). Section 116.790 allows the court, if it finds the appeal “was without substantial merit and not based on good faith, but was intended to harass or delay the other party, or to encourage the other party to abandon the claim,” discretion to award the other party actual, reasonable fees that do not exceed $1,000 (as well as an additional $1,000 in lost earning and transportation/lodging expenses).
[Original post here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/94vkbg/found_an_abandoned_dog_while_on_vacation_and_had/)

Firstly, I wanted to thank everyone who replied to my original post with such kind and encouraging words. Unfortunately, this is a very boring and uneventful update, but I've had several messages about the incident in the last couple weeks so I figured I'd post something real quick. 

In short, I contacted Airbnb about the issue to 1) make sure they wouldn't take down my honest review once I posted it and 2) to see if they could talk to the host about the clear animal welfare concern. They assured me of both and gave me a $25 coupon for my trouble (lmao). My review went up last week. The host didn't write me a review.

I also contacted the vet to get records of the incident, and the receptionists I spoke with were incredibly sweet. They told me, off the record, that I should contact animal control about these folks, so I did. 

I called every animal control center within 50 miles of the place, and all of them told me the place I stayed wasn't within their jurisdiction so they wouldn't be able to do anything about it. Even when I said, "But the place is in X County, and you're the animal control office for X County..." they'd say, "Well the address doesn't come up in our directory, so maybe try calling the Y County Animal Control." It was super fucking frustrating and I ultimately wasn't able to have anyone go out and speak to the owners. However, even if they had, they would have found a thriving farm full of healthy animals, and I doubt anything would have happened. My theory is no one was willing to drive out into the desert over an animal that was already dead. 

So, that's kind of that. My review is so long I doubt anyone will read it, and they get so many visitors it'll just get shuffled down very quickly as new positive reviews pour in. But it was the least I could do. Hopefully I spooked them into taking better care of their animals in the future. 
Link to the main post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6t0rb5/ghana_west_africa_my_university_wants_students_to/

First update: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6t8ri5/update_ghana_west_africa_my_university_wants/


So it's been about ten months since this issue. Although I wasn't able to make any legal impact on the situation, there have been some changes that I thought warranted an update.

The situation really didn't sit well with me so I wrote several complaint letters to the head of the hostel, the dean of my school, and the provost of my college. They were largely ignored or I was given non-committal answers about why that happened to us. I think I wore them down eventually, because they all agreed to meet with me.

Honestly it was very intimidating, having to meet all the heads of my school. There was a lot of pressure on me to back down, because it is unheard of to question superiors like that, especially as a woman. A senior lecturer even advised me personally to do so, or else my career would be over before it started. I nearly did, but I swallowed my fear and went through with it. The meeting was in late May, before we ended that academic year.

I had been gathering anonymous, handwritten opinions about the situation from my classmates and presented them to the panel. I stressed a lot on how I personally struggled with accommodation on such short notice and how the general maintenance of the rooms is the responsibility of the university, as outlines in their rule book.

They told me that painting rooms is only supposed to happen after five years, that the rooms weren't even that dirty to begin with. I had some pictures of some rooms before they were painted (they were originally white but at that point mostly brown with patches of grey, several rooms also had stains from where water had leaked into the room from the roof).

Amazingly, after about two hours of discussion, they decided to stop making students paint rooms by themselves, and are currently amending their policy to paint every year instead of twice a decade. However, they refuse to refund the money we spent painting the rooms, claiming that the painters weren't hired by the university and we the students weren't given receipts so they cannot trust any price we quote.

While I'm not happy about loosing 80 cedis, I'm proud that I've made an impact and stood up. Maybe someone else will have more success.

Thank you for all your help.



I'm 16 and 7 months pregnant. I live in New Hampshire. 

The dad and I made the choice to find good parents for the baby through adoption. His parents are good with this. My dad is also on board. Unfortunately my mom is not. She insists that I keep the baby. She says that if I do put the baby up for adoption, she will adopt the baby and make me raise it. 

I want this baby to have a good home. I can't give it that. Can my mother adopt? I don't want this baby to be in her care or mine. 

Edit: First I want to thank everyone for the advice, and support! I'm taking it all to heart.  However because of the handful of hurtful and gross PMs I've gotten I'm going to delete this throwaway account. Thanks again everyone who was so kind to me. 
This is ridiculous, my lawyer is out of town until the weekend.  Until I see him, is there anything specific I should worry about with this whole craziness?

Small tourist town, Pennsylvania. I run a gift shop that has a small gallery space for local artists work.  Two friends own art galleries within three blocks.  We work together to run promotions similar to "first Friday" in larger cities.  We also split advertising in flyers showing each of our current showing.  Mostly though, we will recommend the other galleries as each of us has a different proffered art type.

A guy moved into the area who owned a high end gallery in a city, who Ill call John.  Opens a small gallery in town as his retirement job.  We reached out to him to try to include him in the local arts community, but he turned us down rudely.  John has been doing poorly.  From my perspective it's because most of the work he shows is priced out of the local market and he tends to act rudely to customers.

He has become antagonistic towards us.  John has started posted ads that attack us for not having "real art", etc.  He has been quite vocal about badmouthing us to anyone who comes in his gallery.  So far, we have just let him bury himself in bad business practices and haven't responded in any way.

However, things came to a head this weekend, The other galleries and I held a promotion in conjunction with Halloween festivities and parade on Friday.  He was seen pulling down our flyers around town last week.  Most local shops stayed open late that night and had sales or promotions, but John's gallery was noticeably closed the entire day Friday and Saturday.  In the morning Sunday John posted on his personal Facebook saying the  other local galleries trashed his shop front. Later in the day a local police officer came by to ask me about it.  I know the police officer and he basically said the pictures he was shown were candy wrappers and litter by the door, similar to what was left all along the parade route.  The officer said he had no reason to think we were involved or that it was malicious, but he wanted to follow up and settle the issue.

I was told the next day John posted and then deleted numerous complaints on Facebook against other local businesses, but especially me and the other three galleries.  He has even given us a nickname, which sounds like an old west group (think "The Three Banditos"). I can't see John's posts but was sent two screenshots and told there was worse.  On Monday, two of my friends galleries had printed flyers taped to their doors overnight, blasting them for selling cheap art and for pushing new galleries out of the community.  I'm told there were also angry posts on Facebook saying that an artist who had decided to pull from his gallery, which he blamed on us.  None of us know this artist, nor had any contact.

Which brings us to this morning.  I get a call saying that John was at a local coffee shop trying to get people to give him money to mount a lawsuit against us. He apparently had a document he typed up with his grievances. He is claiming that I specifically am running an art cartel!  (Hence the post title). That two of the other shops have flooded the market with low end art to destroy his business.  John was hassling patrons for money so much he was asked to leave before cops were called.

I think Johns business is doing poorly and he is going a little crazy. I think the worst he could do is drag us into a pricey lawsuit that goes no where, but I want to make sure there's no other trouble he could make for us. Is this dire enough to bring in a lawyer before I speak to mine on Tuesday?

Slight update:  One of the gallery owners who had something taped to their food Monday met with their lawyer today.  He let me know his lawyer is writing a cease and desist.  His lawyer passed along similar recommendations to here:  collect any evidence, get a security camera, and see if this blows over.  I'm still meeting w my lawyer Tuesday, and have people friended to John in Facebook watching for any new posts.  I'm probably going to just see if my lawyer will also do a cease and desist, but otherwise I'm just going to stay back and watch.

Adding: I posted this on a throwaway to have some anonymity.  I've gotten 17 guesses as to my town or gallery.  Understand I know that can only lead to harassment of John, so I'm definitely not going to give away any more information.
So, this is a very long story but I will post the pertinent details. 

My son was at my house Sunday like normal and she was late picking him up. I told him to call her and see if he could just spend the night because I assumed she had been drinking. Sure enough, she answers and is very obviously drunk and slurring at a bar. I was very nice and texted her that she should not be driving herself nor him drunk and to get an uber. 

She was not having and denied over and over she had anything to drink. Eventually I told her I would call the police and she admitted to having 2 drinks. I call the cops and told them she was on her way and intoxicated. They told me to call back when she arrived. She texted me telling me she was at my house and I called 911. Her ex boyfriend was driving her. She reeked of alcohol and was very clearly well over the legal limit. I cracked the door and told her the cops were on the way and to wait outside. I closed my door again and she twisted the knob and kicked in my door before I could lock it. At this point I put my phone in my pocket. She tarts screaming and cursing me and hitting me. My son is in my bedroom with my girlfriend and is scared.

At this point I have told her repeatedly to leave my house and get out as she is hitting and scratching and kicking me and choking me. My son runs out of the bedroom and sees her on top of me and she has two handfuls of hair jerking my head back and forth. I have a huge gash on my finger that might need stitches from her scratch marks all over me. Her ex boyfriend was trying to get her to calm down and was basically on my side. After the ordeal was over he told me how sorry he was and that he knew I was in the right and he doesn’t blame me for calling the cops. 

The cops arrive and I tell them what happened. I show them my cuts and scrapes and they basically said, well it’s technically domestic violence but we are not going to do anything. They let her my son leave her and her boyfriend and she got away free even though my son spoke to the cops and told them exactly what happened. My girlfriend was in our bedroom trying to keep my son away so she didn’t see much of it. 

What can I do? I already called the Sargent and he said he is going to listen to the audio from dispatch. The cops didn’t even breathalyzer her or him and let my son go home with drunks.  

All of this happened in Texas. DFW area. 

Edit: I also want to add that she drive her car through her garage last week and totaled her car. She said her brakes went out and insurance investigated and determined her brakes didn’t go out. I had a friend look at her Instagram and it showed a picture of her at a bar with a friends looking very drunk. 
[original](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8mlmw9/leave_me_alone_hoa_i_dont_want_to_buy_a_new_car/)

Not too exciting but an update none the less.

Not long after the original post I ended up sending an email to my landlord with a copy of the letter from the HOA and explained my situation. The next day I received a phone call from my landlord and she said not to worry about it. According to her despite my lease stating that the "Tenant agrees to abide by any applicable owners association regulations as they now exist or may be amended." this was a rather unreasonable demand by the HOA and isn't something that should be held against me or any other tenants she has in the neighborhood. She said she would take care of the situation with the HOA and offered to pay any fines that resulted in the meantime.

As of today I have received another letter from the HOA that said until further notice they will not be enforcing the rule regarding parking of vehicles older than 10 years old.

I haven't received any violations from the HOA up to this point and have yet to hear anything else from my landlord.

I'll update again when I know more and the situation has been resolved.
I reported a maintenance issue to my landlord and he scheduled a repair person to come last Friday.  The landlord asked me to be there, I told him I couldn't, he asked me to leave the door unlocked, I told him I couldn't.  I asked him to be there for the repair, and he agreed.

He apparently came over late Thursday and unlocked the door, then put a note on it to the company literally SAYING the door was unlocked and asking them to lock it when they leave. 

I arrived home on Saturday night to find that the company never actually showed up and the door had been unlocked the whole time.  Everything of value was stolen and a number of things that weren't valuable were still broken/vandalized. 

I filed a police report. Then, since my landlord had agreed to be there for the repair person, I contacted him thinking he must have forgotten to lock up.  That's when I learned that he just came over and unlocked it a day early and left it that way.

I know it has only been a day, but so far my landlord takes no responsibility with what happened and I am afraid that won't change.  Is there anything legal I can do?

I need to go through the purchases but I believe the total amount of items stolen and items damaged is about $15,000 that I paid.

(It won't be covered by rental insurance, BTW, already looked into it.)

Edit:  Shakopee MN
Ok I don't even know where to begin.

Me and my two sisters inherited this property from our grandparents. It was their rental property. We demolished and rebuilt everything from scratch for ourselves to use as the main home for our family. We built a pool and a sauna. We live here now.

During construction the HOA president visited me and told us that that our design violates HOA's renovation guidelines. He also said that the pool and sauna are violations of the bylaws. I reminded him that we're not members of the HOA and have no interest in joining.

In the last 6 months we've received numerous letters from the HOA either compelling us to join or inform us of our infractions. They're either about the pool, about the fact that we have 3 cars, or that we're not a single family (apparently brothers and sisters are not family now according to this HOA).

We also received letters saying if we join the HOA the fees will be waived for the next 5 years.

This last week though the president brought us a form showing that there has been 45 signatures by the neighbors saying our way of life and our non-compliance with the HOA bylaws has significantly devalued their properties and has cost them stress and they would want us to become a member. The president says this is enough to get a court order requiring us to become a member. He says the neighbors will be willing to testify in court as well. He says to avoid the legal fees on both our parts, he's willing to give us the 5 year waiver of the fees.

First I have no intention of joining this HOA. They've proven themselves to be exactly the type of HOA to not want to be associated with.

Second, is it true that a court can order you to join a HOA? This seems weird. Are they bullying us into joining?


[Earlier thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8743b6/ny_my_son_has_been_professionally_diagnosed_with/?utm_source=reddit-android)

I called state ed and they called the Director of Special Ed. There were literally 20 people at the meeting. It was insane. Director of Special Ed and her assistant who ran the last meeting plus others. 

District totally folded like a cheap card table. Both the outside evaluator and the school social worker backed my kid to the hilt. Not popping corks until I get the paperwork, but they gave me and the evaluator final approval over all goals. He will also get summer services to prevent regression because I told them I would retain him a grade without it. Cheaper to give him 6 weeks of summer ed than another year of intensive elementary ed.

So it was winnable. I didn't need to get an attorney. It only took 15 months, 4 meetings, a call from state ed, the threat of a mediator, and lots of stress.
I found a great place on Craigslist several weeks ago that was going to be available on Tuesday. When I called, the guy was very polite, talked me through everything, sent me the link to the rental application on his website, made everything really simple. I did some research myself to make sure it was all above board, being on Craigslist and all, and the phone number and website definitely match up to the property owner. There’s no office since it’s only a 16 unit building but the guy is locally known for owning it. It definitely isn’t a “meet me at starbucks with cash/money order” type of apartment listings, it’s real.


Since I live out of state I knew I wouldn’t be able to see the inside of it first, but a friend who lived in the same building a couple of years ago said they’ve just been renovated and he confirmed the pictures were what I could expect. Great! Send in the application and $100 admin fee, he contacts the place I rent from now, gets my credit and calls my work. A week later he emails me and says that everything came back good, he’d just need the first month of rent and a $250 deposit on the day I move in.


Fast forward to yesterday and I meet the owner there at 10 am. I tell him my name and he goes “The same (my name) who I’ve been talking to at (my phone number)” Yep that’s me. “And your email address is (my email address)?” Yes it is. And he just stood there for about 10 seconds looking at the paperwork and said he’d be right back. He went to his car and I think he got on the phone. Maybe 5 minutes later he comes back and says “I’m sorry, but there’s been a mistake, your credit came back unsatisfactory, you can’t have the apartment”


When I told him I don’t have any loans - student or car, and I pay my credit card off every month so I can’t possibly have bad credit he just said “Sorry, it’s not available” as he’s basically jogging back to his car at this point. He just drove off, I’m standing there alone flabbergasted, what the hell just happened?


As I’m driving to my friends house to help him clear some space in his garage for my furniture, which is now on its way with the movers and I have to change the delivery address, it hits me. This guy hadn’t seen me before, my name is something very common so he couldn’t have known what I look like. He just lied to me and refused to rent to me, after he said everything was fine, because I’m black.


When I emailed him demanding the $100 fee back he replied back with “Sorry, that fee is non-refundable” I’m out nearly $1000 from the movers, the $100 for the admin fee and I’m probably going to have to take the first thing I can find apartment-wise because I don’t want to be a burden to my friend in his guest bedroom.


How can I get my $100 back and possibly my mover’s fee from this guy?
[Michigan, USA]

**Question 1:** My lawyer is telling me to be prepared for my ex to say I abused the kids and coached them to lie. Is there anything I can do to get out in front of that? 

**Question 2:** I wouldn’t be surprised if the boyfriend has been abusing my ex wife. My lawyer said if this is the case she might use that as a defense for not stepping in when the kids were being beaten mercilessly by a grown adult man. If this surfaces does it help or hurt my efforts to keep the kids in my custody? 

See below for a link to my original post and an update on where we are right now. 

—

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/87pnd0/my_exwifes_boyfriend_is_abusing_my_kids_and_my/?st=JFC4AIH0&amp;sh=3ae41f39

My lawyer agreed he didn’t have the background to handle this case and connected me to a different lawyer with experience in these cases and family court, who is also being very generous with her rates.

In the meantime my ex wife arrived out of nowhere to try and take the kids back. I hadn’t gone into the driveway yet and the kids were tuned into their iPads with headphones on so we went on a spontaneous ice cream run. 

CPS is heavily involved and *six* separate reports were made (originally I had written five but I forgot my first lawyer also filed a report at the instruction of my new lawyer). So, his, mine, my new lawyer’s, the ER doctor, the police who were called to the ER, and their school counselor (at the advice of my new, far more aggressive, lawyer.) The reports are almost definitely what backed the judge into the corner of having to grant the hearing. 

I’m too nervous to sleep. The boys slept some. They seem a bit calmer. 

Hoping for good news and **thank you for all the good advice**. I now see I really needed that new lawyer and filing the multiple reports and getting an exam was the best course of action. 

—

**UPDATE**: Thank you all for your excellent advice. My lawyer is aware that I’m posting on here and said it’s alright - especially since she recognizes she can’t make herself as available as she would if I were a regular client through her firm paying full freight. She’s been wonderful. 

The hearing was pushed back by a couple hours but we can’t leave in case they can see us sooner so we’re waiting now. I’m exceptionally freaked out but my lawyer seems deeply confident it will be open and shut. (The case worker isn’t visiting the house until this afternoon but apparently she’s already visited my ex’s house and talked to the boyfriend and her conclusion from that was to recommend they stay with me.)

The boys have had some interviews and exams with CPS that sound like they went as well as they could have and the things that didn’t go well will help me get them home and safe. 

After this process my next step is an order of no contact on the boyfriend or a restraining order if I can swing it. Will have to ask the lawyer. But she agrees we do need something official in place to keep him at bay. 

A buddy is installing a couple security cameras today. Thanks for those who recommended that. 

—

**ANOTHER UPDATE** 

I have custody until the formal hearing is scheduled. I don’t have to bring them back. Their lawyer tried to say the younger one had fallen on cement and rolled down a step and that’s how it happened. When the boys were asked if younger fell and they had no clue what she was talking about (they tripped on some patio bricks but were barely scratched) their lawyer tried to switch it around and say I’d abused them and they were trying to do me a favor of keeping it out of court. 

The judge said “Counselor, are you out of your mind?” Which my lawyer says is a great sign moving forward. I don’t know where they found their lawyer but he was wearing sneakers. 

So now we wait for next Wednesday. I’m just relieved there isn’t the same clock on it now. Thank you again to everyone. 

The boys are back in school Monday and doing well. The older fell asleep tonight without issue for the first time since I got them. I’m hopeful. 

**UPDATE April/11/18** Sorry for the long delay. It’s been a crazy few days, I’ve barely been checking my emails let alone Reddit (as wonderful as you all are!) Your support has been so critical in getting through this time. 

So - at first I did not win full custody. My ex wife and her bizarre lawyer fabricated evidence claiming I’d been fired from a previous job for violence, going so far as to forge a letter from a nonexistent boss and a whole hash of lies. (I am in IT. So I really don’t know what she could have dreamed up that would end in physical violence.)  

I was just so flustered and terrified at the initial ruling. My lawyer hadn’t seen the fake papers and was a complete shark, not allowing anyone to even leave the courtroom before she understood the reasoning behind the ruling. 

Once it came to light there was some sort of evidence she hadn’t seen she really dug in and at the end of the day I got full custody with my ex getting limited supervised visits (provided the boyfriend is nowhere in sight) and the chance to come back and get more visits if she can demonstrate the boyfriend is no longer living in the house or would ever be around the kids. The other good news is it seems like the only plus to icky sneakers lawyer is that he is helping her seek some counseling for whatever trauma she personally experienced. 

My lawyer is following up with seeing anyone responsible for misconduct, including the judge,  is dealt with appropriately. 

I have the kids now. That’s all that matters. They’re still in school in her town (where I lived with her when we were married) and the end of the year is close but next year I’m going to move them to my district.

It’s all on her now. All that matters is the boys are home. 
My children attend a public school in a rural, heavily religious area of the state. 

I recently learned my kids donated all their money (son, over 200 bucks/ daughter, over 100) to a local church because one of their teachers went around telling the school kids those who don't donate will burn in hell, suffer great pain, and surely die soon. I found out because my kids came crying to me after doing so wanting to know if they were still going to die because the teacher said they hadn't donated "enough."

I'm absolutely furious. We're an atheistic household and while I respect the teacher's choice to partake in religion, I'm outraged she's been saying these things to my kids and extorting them out of their hard-earned chore money. 

I've talked to the school, but I don't think there is a single person in administration who isn't religious. No one is taking this seriously and when I went to complain, they praised the teacher and informed be (bragged) that she forces kids to listen to her read the bible aloud in the lunchroom during lunch breaks. 

What can I do to stop this? This is a public school, I don't want my kids to have to listen to the bible, pray, or practice any other parts of organized religion. 

Can I get my kids' their money back? Who would I sue to do this?
Location: Long Island, NY

As the title says I was stopped Friday, 6/15/18, at 11:05pm for a broken headlight. The cop asks for my license and registration, after a half hour, he tells me, "I'm doing you a favor by not bringing you in, your license has been suspended for selling drugs." I was baffled, at first I laughed out of disbelief, and then was quickly informed that it was not a joke.

My charges are as follows:

* FLD/SURR/LIC/REG PLATES/REV-ART7 (MISD)
* DIVERS VIEW OBSTRUCTED
* NO/INADEQUATE LIGHTS
* OPERATING WITHOUT INSURANCE
* UNLICENSED OPERATOR
* AGGRAVATED UNLIC OP 3RD (MISD)

I'm claiming guilty to my inadequate lights and obstructed view, I had my graduation tassel hanging from my mirror. I'm certain this is a clerical mistake as there are many people with the same name where I live. Because I didn't know my license was suspended for a crime I didn't commit I received charges that I otherwise wouldn't have. I've prepared the following pieces of information in my defense:

* Pay stubs prior to the crime to prove my work hours of 8:00am to 5:00pm.
* Gym check-in's Monday through Friday from the hours of 6:30pm to 8:00pm.
* Driving history.
* Proof of insurance.
* My clean criminal history aside from the alleged crime, leading to my license suspension.

My question to you guys is, what do I do from here? I'm looking for a lawyer before attending my court date in August, is there any way to clear this up prior to the court date? If you've taken the time to read this, THANK YOU!

TLDR: Cop stopped me and informed me that I committed a crime that I didn't. I was not brought to jail.

\--

Update!

Per [u/expatinpa](https://www.reddit.com/u/expatinpa)'s recommendation I've gone ahead and checked my driving history on the DMV website. My Drivers license is in fact suspended and I CAN'T drive. Something more interesting than that, I have three felony charges and two charges of reckless driving in my history.

One of these charges being (6) months after I had passed my drivers test, so I've been driving without an active license for years now. This could explain the trouble I've had in acquiring employment. Thanks for all who have helped so far, I've found something that could potentially improve my living conditions and income in the near future, I'm almost in tears at the moment.

\--

Update (2), 3:12PM

After looking up my driving history the following charges also exist within my driving history, I did not commit any of the charges listed.

* SUSPENSION: 11/01/13 (I was 22 and in my sophomore year of college, and nowhere near the alleged location), FOR THE POSSESSION OR SALE OF DRUGS.  
The above suspension means I have been driving without an active license for five years now
* 3 ACCOUNTS OF MISSED FINE PAYMENTS: Year: 2014.
* RECKLESS DRIVING: 4/15/18
* RECKLESS DRIVING: 2/9/15

In conclusion I can only assume that my identity has been stolen.
[This was my original inquiry](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4yj8ar/advice_for_presenting_evidence_in_a_minor_traffic/)


My court date was actually last November so I'm quite late on the update, just had it on my check-list until now. 


Basically I went to court and claimed not guilty. They gave me a reduced fine and said it was a one-time offer. I said not guilty. They gave me a follow-up court date, which was the one in November. 


On that day, my ticketing officer did show up. At first, some of the court people were asking me if I was absolutely sure that I wanted to fight the ticket and if I was open to claiming nolo claim with a reduced rate. This was the same reduced fine that they presented me on my first court date, where they said it was a one-time offer. I said no and asked what the possible fines were if I was found guilty. The lady quoted me the maximum, which was like a **lot** of jail time and like $2,000 in fines or something. I still claimed not guilty. In hindsight I feel like she was trying to scare me into going nolo? Not sure. 


The court lawyer lady (not sure what she's called now that it has been so long) asked him questions to help him present his case on my ticket. Very reminiscent of TV court rooms, confirming dates, times, and details. 


When I presented the evidence, I didn't allude to my background or anything, as per suggestion from /r/legaladvice. Basically I just said: 



- The officer providing ground guidance for vehicles was unclear in his instructions

- There were multiple people ticketed for the same turn at the intersection

- The ticketing officer was not present or in the vicinity when the other officer was providing ground guidance



I did not sound very... er.... lawyer-y, but I didn't use slang, curse words, or anything like that. I was basically speaking like I was presenting a PhD thesis. The judge confirmed that the officer providing ground guidance was not present and that the ticketing officer did not see the other officer guide traffic. He then said at that point, it's basically a "he said, she said" situation and he would rule in my favor because the police side lacked evidence to prove that there wasn't any bad guidance from the other cop. 


Just wanted to thank you guys. Your advice helped a lot and to be frank, I feel like a basic understanding of law should be taught in school because in hindsight, I feel like they were trying to intimidate me several times into a nolo claim and paying the fine. 
Original post: https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5mo5wh/ilnv_paid_an_artist_for_a_painting_never_received/

So, nearly two years after a gallery owner/artist took our money and never sent us the artwork we bought, we now have the artwork in possession, and the artist/gallery owner is in a world of trouble.

First, how we retrieved the artwork: after the previous legaladvice thread, we spoke to a friend who was a lawyer in Chicago, who suggested we contact the landlord of the building, which we were able to do successfully.  The landlord office manager noted the artwork was hanging in their public space (in a hallway, not in the gallery), so they contacted the artist who continued to not respond (although he was paying his rent) about the situation, and informed him if he didn't respond they'd take the painting into their possession.  He didn't respond, so the landlord removed the artwork and stored it in the basement where it sat... for over a year...

Meanwhile, my wife reported the artist/gallery owner to the Dept. of Business Affairs and Consumer Protection, who ended up charging the guy with operating without a business license ($1000/day!!!), as well failure to deliver the merchandise in a timely manner.  The guy apparently doesn't read this subreddit, and decided to take the ostrich road and not show up for the case, so he got the maximum penalty due to a default judgement...  of $28,000 (plus the $1200 he owed us).  Fun!

A few months after the judgement, I was in Chicago for business for the first time in 2 years, so I made arrangements with the landlord to pick up the painting.  I ended up renting a moving van (the thing is huge) and then getting it to a UPS Store who packed it up and got it back to our home!  So we finally have the painting in hand!

Final fun: I was worried that since I now had the painting in hand, that I was no longer due the $1200 should the Chicago collections ever get it, so I contacted the prosecutor of the case to be as open as possible.  I told her that we had the merchandise in hand, but I had spent basically ~$1200 shipping it back home.  She said basically "don't worry about it."  

So, all told, a good ending to a long story.  If we magically get a check in the mail someday for $1200 (not holding my breath) I'll post another update.

Edit: TLDR, gallery owner/artist ripped us off for $1200, we got the painting without his help, he got a penalty from the City of Chicago for nearly $30,000.
[First post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9978j8/fl_wife_fired_from_her_teaching_job_for_something/)

[Update 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/99dd91/fl_wife_fired_from_her_teaching_job_for_something/)

[Update 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9d8bc3/updatefl_wife_fired_from_her_teaching_job_for/)

I apologize for the delay in updates, but nothing is really happening with her case, and at this point, we have more important issues to deal with.

The county still hasn't finished their "investigation." I don't have faith that they are actually investigating. 

My wife was substituting in the next county over, but has now stopped because she's been diagnosed with colon cancer.

I probably won't be updating any more since it doesn't look like it's going anywhere, and I'd rather focus on spending time with my wife and children.

Thanks to everyone that gave advice.
[Original Post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/3y3b7m/students_mother_found_out_i_was_abused_as_a_teen/)

Let me start by thanking everyone who took the time to give me advice and answer my questions in the previous post. That was a very helpful starting point. There were a few requests for updates so here we go. 

Many of you suggested that I contact an attorney to write her a letter, which is exactly what I did. He said if I *really* wanted to pursue this with a lawsuit, I might be able to. But to be honest, I'd much rather not spend the time and resources if I don't have to, especially since my last court experience was less than great. I'm not looking for a big payout. I just want to move forward with my life. 
 
I asked my boss if we could set up a time to meet since we're technically closed this week. I knew she was aware of the situation since this woman had posted on our facebook page which my boss manages, but I wasn't really sure where my boss stood on the issue, so I was pretty anxious going in. I told my boss about my visit with the lawyer and about the letter he was going to send her. Turns out, she had a lawyer friend of hers do the exact same thing on behalf of the business. So this woman got not one, but two letters ordering her to shut the hell up, from two different lawyers. Hopefully that is enough to scare her into keeping her mouth shut. 

She told me to just avoid this lady at all costs. Like if I run into her at the grocery store, turn around. Her daughter is still taking classes with another teacher during a time when I'm not working. She said she knows this woman is batshit crazy and if she thought there was any real concern regarding me being around kids she would have fired me. She also said she thinks I've been doing a great job handling this and that overall the kids and parents respond really well to me and she's glad to have me on her staff. Always nice to hear and at this point it looks like my job is not in jeopardy. 

The facebook posts have been deleted. Not sure if Facebook did it after I reported them, or if she did it herself. Hopefully this is the last you'll be hearing from me. Big thanks to the community for your wise advice and kind words. 


So I live in a house in a south Florida suburb where the streets are wide enough to allow street parking (legally) for guests as most houses only have a small driveway to fit a couple cars tops.  This has never been an issue in the 3 years I've lived here but lately my neighbor has gotten really obsessed about people driving "up his lawn" and scuffing his grass when they park and this week decided to do something about it.  

His grass goes all the way to the street and when people turn in to park they sometimes drive maybe a foot onto his grass if they're really careless.  I've always told my guests to park away from his house because I know how angry he gets about it and I don't want the hassle.  However said neighbor has now placed several rebar posts with the tops sharpened to tips right at the edge of his grass and they're low enough in that they're hard to spot if you're driving by or unfamiliar with the street.  I asked the neighbor about it when I was walking my dog and he said that if people are gonna be dicks and drive on his lawn they deserve to get their tires punctured.  

I have to assume that there is no way this is legal, but what exactly can I do about it?  Is this something I should call the city about or is it a police matter?

**EDIT:**  I've called the police non-emergency line from work and they said they would send out someone to take a look and talk to the neighbor if need be.  I'll update when something happens.
I posted this in r/relationships but I was told to post here. I live in Florida and so do my parents. This rest of this is a direct copy paste of what I posted there.

I posted a thing here a two years ago that helped me with an uncomfortable situation involving a boss at work and it helped me save a good friendship and my job, so hopefully you guys can help me again with a much much more serious situation. I didn't remember that account so I made a new one. I need to give a little background to explain the situation. This will probably be long. I'm shitty at writing so please bare with me.

I work as a computer engineer and live away from my parents. I moved out when I was 18, not because we had a particularly distant relationship, but because I was very hungry for independence and I didn't want to go to college like they wanted me to. I fell in love with programming and got a job a month after I graduated, and I've done that since. I am extremely frugal, and I now make about 70k a year after taxes (go mr. money mustache). Both my parents are in traditional white collar jobs that make significantly more money than I do, and they are horrific with money.

When I was growing up my parents were semi-religious (church on easter and christmas type of deal) and not particularly invested in it or politics. Somewhere in the last three or four years they became interested in it, and in the last year in particular (regarding the last elecion especially) they have become some of the most religious and overfocused political people i've ever seen. I have tried distancing myself from this by refusing to talk about these issues over the phone at all. I could not disagree more with them. I think they have some very hateful views, but I've chosen not to engage them on it.

Growing up I was not close to my younger sister, mainly because of our age gap. However she has grown up and is very pleasant to speak to. We have spoken on the phone daily (I speak to mom and dad much less frequently) since she was around 14. I have not been exposed to to much of this because I intentionally tell both sides I don't want to talk about their drama (although I am generally clear with my sister that I agree with her, but I don't want to badmouth her parents). My sister is a lesbian, which I have no issue with whatsoever, and my parents do not (or did not) know and would immediately be against. We talked about this a quite often. My sister also has political views completely at odd with my parents (she was in trouble for not supporting their favorite political candidate, you can probably guess who) but I encouraged her to swallow it and suck it up at home for her safety and sanity. She mentioned a few times in the last two months about wanting to come out to them and I highly highly discouraged it. I have heard both of my parents approve of a pastor who disowned his gay son and similar stories. I didn't want them to do that to her. I have offered to let her live with me when she turns 18 but imagined that being in the future. I made her promise not to do that and she did.

On her 16th birthday, she came out to them. I was a little angry with her over the phone (I didn't curse or scream or anything, but I was annoyed, but with sympathy for her position. I did chide her a bit, which I acknowledge was dumb.) She was extremely mad at me and didn't call me for four days, which was a long time for us not to speak.

We spoke afterwards and I was much better, but things weren't going well. They didn't kick her out but weren't speaking to her at all. Literally she was screaming at them and they just quietly went into their rooms, not saying a word.

I offered to speak to them for her and she begged me not to, so I did not, against my better judgement.

My Dad, a week later, called me over the phone. He said that he was sick and needed emergency money to have a procedure He begged me "not to tell" mom or my sister. He needed about 20 grand. I had refused them money in the past for a car loan and made it clear that I wasn't giving them money, but I did for this, cautious but ultimately trusting him not to lie about his own potential death. I disagreed with him about a lot of things but he had always been so steadfast about the importance of honesty the thought of him lying about something like that seemed ridiculous and I felt guilty for even thinking that.

About another week after that, my sister stopped calling me. I thought she was mad again for some reason but she didn't answer at all. I was worried. I called my parents and asked about her after about a week and they said she was being moody (I thought they thought I didn't know about her sexuality or what was going on).

I checked my Facebook that night and I read an days old message from one of her friends that explained that she had been trying to reach me and that my sister was taken from her house into a van and driven off by men in a program with her and my parents there before kicking the friend out of the house. Her friend visited my parents house several times and they eventually told her they sent her to a religious program. She didn't get the name.

I called up my father, and he denied it twice before admitting it after a long talk. I was so angry. They seriously have these religious camps that parents can send teens to anytime without committing a crime forever. I didn't think it had anything to do with the money, but I looked it up after that and found out that these programs are generally very expensive. I called him up again and he admitted that's where the money went. I demanded that he let her out and he told me it was his money. I told him I'd never speak to him again and he just ignored me. I try calling him up every few hours for the last several days when I found out and they ignore almost all of my calls.

He intentionally didn't tell me the name of the facility or camp, but I've done reading and these are almost always dangerous places. I don't even know if she is in the US anymore. People die and get brainwashed at these places. I feel so guilty for giving them the ability to do this. I don't know the name of the camp, and I did technically give them the money.

My only recourse at this point is to go tell everyone in their neighborhood what they did. I saw a facebook post they made about sending my sister to a snooty christian boarding school and that is NOT what they did. I called the school they posted and she isn't going there. They are very connected to the church/suburban town community and I think it would threaten them to have their image splattered with the truth.

I would completely disown them now if it wouldn't completely destroy my chances of getting her out. I am at a loss. Please help me.

tl;dr: My parents lied to me and took money claiming it was for an illness only to turn around and use it to send my sister to a camp because she came out. They are ignoring my calls. I don't have any legal grounds (i think) and I do not know how to convince them to let her out.

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7d0rmp/legal_consequences_for_lying_to_my_husband_about/

Thanks for the help. We have now divorced (no pregnancy) and I've left Mississippi. Birth control made everything a lot easier. 
I'm in my second year of undergrad at a state university in California and I'm having an issue with my brother, who in his late twenties and a computer engineer (this is relevant to my issue). As a sidenote I know very little about computers other than basic googling skills.

My brother is a very type-A person. Very perfectionist and hardworking, often to the detriment of himself and others. He is a nice and positive person and is successful in the traditional sense, but he is very controlling and has a bit of an overblown ego. I'm a much more relaxed person and the two of us share very little in the way of interests or guiding philosophies. I'm a visual arts major who likes to draw and he's the type of person who watched Fight Club and thought that Tyler Durden was onto something. We get along but have hostilities.

My brother resents the fact that I am not like him and that I don't look up to him as a role-model. He is very fond of mocking my interests/hobbies/career plans and he often talks literally about a "plan" for me in which I change my major to engineering and start taking his advice. When he brings this up now over the phone I stop talking to him for whatever amount of days/weeks until he apologizes and we do it all over again.

Two weeks ago, my brother made a joke referencing a piece of digital art I drew on my laptop. I didn't think anything of it until I realized after the call ended that I never posted that piece of art anywhere, not even onto any cloud service-- it had only been available on my physical laptop.

I was nervous and downloaded Malwarebytes but it didn't find anything. Thinking back I also recalled my brother making a joke about something I said to a friend privately on my Discord, which also was not publicly available. Checking Gmail and a few other websites I'm on that showed options I discovered someone had been logging into my accounts from an unfamiliar computer and had then been doing so for about a week.

I called my brother about this and he laughed and told me that he had remote access to my computer and that he'd be "checking" up on everything I was doing from this point on. I told him that that was ridiculous and he basically laughed and said that people today have no reasonable expectation of privacy anyway. 

Without going into detail I've basically discovered that my brother literally has access to everything in my life. My bank account, school account, my art/chat accounts, all the files on my computer. He has even referenced information that leads me to think there is a very good chance of him having a camera/microphone in my room (he has been in my apartment in the last month and the only reason I think he might not is because I haven't been able to find it.) 

There is nothing on my computer or Cloud files or anything I'm even remotely embarrassed about. But the idea that my brother has all my information is terrible and I want him to stop. I don't feel comfortable in my apartment or using my computer/personal accounts anymore. I'm writing this from my school's library.

Is there a way to clearly show him that this is wrong with an amount of force and guarantee my privacy in the future WITHOUT getting him in serious trouble? My brother is an idiot and I'm pissed at him for this (especially in the way where he acts like it's a joke or that he's doing it to "mentor" me, which he keeps saying, like he has called me knowing my class schedule which I never told him and reminded me to go to classes/etc) but I don't want his life should be ruined over this even if he is an asshole. He has also "joked" about dropping my classes which I got really pissed at and he assured me it was a joke but I still feel uncomfortable that he'd even hint at that.

Thanks.
My [OP](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/86tmpz/damaging_condoms_and_pregnancy_is_this_illegal/)

It's just been four days, but we have major news here. Turns out her story about picking holes in condoms and resealing them was a fabrication. Her best friend (who actually hated me) told me that she has confessed to her that she's been cheating on me to get pregnant and lock me into a relationship or marriage with her or at the very least get child support from me.

The friend said she couldn't live with herself if she didn't tell me the truth even though she hates me. She also says she's no longer friends with my ex.

We've broken up and while she denies cheating I told her that she's free to sue for child support once the child is born and at that time I'll get a lawyer to contest and will ask for a paternity test. 
[Previous post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5dfyfc/i_am_in_russia_russian_citizen_my_sister_us/) about sick refusal to speed up visa paperwork really helped me. I contacted NY senator Kirsten Gillibrand and congressman Joseph Crowley on Thursday, on Friday they reached the Consulate, and from then it took just two more business days to issue my visa. Consulate called me today and told passport is ready for pickup. Their response was "we don't care, paperwork can take up to 60 days", but you guys helped me to turn it into 5 days.

Thank you.
I live in New Jersey and I have been dating my significant other since we were teenagers, we are currently 25 years old. Five years ago, to both of our disdain and annoyance, my mother and his father eloped and were married for around one year before divorcing. 

Regardless, we became engaged. We went to get married at a municipal building. The judge informed us when it was our turn that he would not oficiate the marriage because we were step-siblings. I argued with him that we were not, and tried to explain our situation. He refused, and told us to marry in another state that "celebrates incest". 

Can we fight this? I want to marry my SO and I don't see our relationship as incestual at all.
So this happened about 2 weeks ago, I get a call from family explaining that the police came looking for me in full tactical gear, with rifles and the whole 9 yards.

To make a long story short, everyone is confused about the situation as am I.

I'm attending school at one of the state university's, but don't live on campus. I also don't have any mail sent to where I live because there's an office that sorts mail, and I'm not on the lease.

So I ended up missing the police looking for me at two locations, by shear luck.

They left a business card at one location in case anyone hears anything, and the strange part is that the officer that left the card is a Detective with SWAT/Fugitive Special Operations.

Another thing that's weird, is that the police said I had stolen a rental vehicle to Virigina which makes no sense.
I'm not even old enough to rent a car, nor have I ever rented a car. I'm too broke for that.

I'm confused because a little bit of googling and youtube shows that Fugitive Operations has to do with Immigration, and the tactical gear sounds like ERO - which are for convicted violent offenders that are getting deported.

I'm not sure what kind of lawyer to even consult for something like this, and just to be clear, I was born here, have medical records and all.

All my life I've heard that my dad didn't have his papers, and at one point he stole my sensitive identification documents. To make matters worse, we have the same name, and went no contact 4 years ago because of his abusive ways. I tried to file a report for stolen identity but couldn't because he didn't use my credit at the time. Apparently he was using my identity to drive, so I was able to file a report with Florida Highway Safety Motor Vehicles, and get my first drivers license, but no police report.

I'm not sure how to approach this situation as I'm worried about the police arresting me for something I didn't do especially in the middle of my summer classes, and I just started a new job.

Could the SWAT/Fugitive Special Operations be immigration?
And what's the correct kind of lawyer to consult on this?

Thanks for any help.



**Update:** So after consulting with lawyers, I ran a warrant check, and it turns out it was a case of mistaken identity which is bull, but means I'm ok.

I checked my counties records, and lo and behold my father had been arrested for a felony as well as a moving violation.

Honestly I know it's because we share the same name. I'm assuming he didn't show back up to court after posting bond, and here we are.

Thank you to the community for all the support.

I think to those in similar situations, it's in your best interest to file an informational report at least informing the state that your identity is being abused. I wish I had done that, but I was fortunate to have this sort itself out.

I'm not a lawyer obviously so that is just a suggestion.

Again thank you to the community for all their advice, and guidance on legal representation.
I’ll stick to just the facts to make this as quick as possible since it’s an ordeal...

Fell asleep in my parked car after working Uber for 48hrs straight in Southern California. Officer wakes me up. Points out my expired tags. She says it smells like I’ve been drinking. I dont drink. She runs my ID, finds an old warrant for misdemeanor possession from 8 years ago. Asks me to step out of the car. I do. When I go to reach for my phone on the mount, she says not to go reaching for things and stand over on the sidewalk. She immediately starts searching car while I sit over on the sidewalk. She finds 1/8th of mushrooms in my old bag in the trunk, from a year ago, I had forgot about em. She puts me in cuffs. I ask if my car is being impounded. She says yes. I ask for my cell phone and debit card, she says she will get them. I also ask if I can put on my shoes (as I was wearing old moccasins with barely any sole) and she laughs at me and puts me in her car. I can’t see much else happening now. When she gets in the car I ask her again if she got my stuff and she angrily tells me yes and says something to the effect of I’m annoying her, so I dont question it further. 

I’m taken to the station, then transported to the county lockup 40 miles away. When I get there, they dump out the brown paper bag of my stuff that the officer had filled, and my phone and cards aren’t in there of course. I ask the transport officer what happened to phone and money (cards), and he says he has no idea.  

8hrs later when I am released, I am stuck 40 miles away from my car with my phone and money in it. It takes me nearly two full days to get back to my phone, thru some very remote areas, where it is 120+ degrees. I spent the night on a bench outside a casino. I had no water, nor money for any, knew no phone numbers off the top of my head, no cab would take me to my car without payment upfront, hours of begging for a ride all failed. I badly burned and cut my feet on the searing concrete and broken glass on the side of the road. At one point I flagged down a sheriff and he laughed and told me he wasn’t a taxi and left me. I fainted twice. The first resulted in tribal police waking me and asking me to move on, and when I only made it slightly further, the person who helped me ended up giving me a ride the rest of the way. When I finally get to my car I get my phone, but my card is missing... still is, which still makes things a pain in the ass. Just for the heck of it I went and checked around where my car was parked yesterday, and I found one of my cards (a postmates card) in the street there, so they were obviously dropped by the officer and ignored. 

Additionally, this cost me a extra two days in storage as my car was impounded, and I was starting a new job Monday morning, yet still did not have my phone and obviously did not make the shift, and so no more job. All for an 1/8th of mushrooms, which I take full responsibility for, along with the expired tags, but I’ve had several people tell me that denying my my phone and shoes like that was illegal. I have no idea at all. I’m still too exhausted to really process everything. I can say for certain that was the worst two days of my 34 years worth, and I can’t think of a worse way to follow up my first arrest/first time in jail that 48hrs in the desert with no belongings. 

Any info, even if it’s “nope they can do that”, would be appreciated. Thanks guys. 
Hi everyone. My two roommates and I live on the upper floor of a duplex that is quite old - most of the things in it are old, including the oven. 

The oven has always given us some trouble: it is an old natural gas type that you need to manually light every time you would like to cook something, but on some occasions it would not light at all because no gas would come out. We emailed the landlord about this issue and he refused to replace it and said we were using it wrong and offered some alternatives that didn't necessarily work. We also have a string of other things we wanted help with that he refused (the previous tenants left a 250lb+ grill on the porch that we haven't been able to move and he hasn't sent anyone for, we asked him to look at the broken dishwasher but he didn't, the lock on the back door is very loose and would be extremely easy to kick in).

Two nights ago my roommates and I were in the kitchen cooking. I put some garlic bread in the oven, then went to grab a lighter. The pilot light that needs to be lit is at the bottom of the oven's compartment, so I turned on the gas and then lit the light as per usual and a wall of fire engulfed my face. I reeled back and I could immediately feel intense pain in my face. My roommates alerted me that my hair was on fire and quickly patted it out; I ran to the bathroom to run cold water on my face and I looked in the mirror directly after and most of my facial hair/eyebrows were gone, and my eyelashes were 80% gone. My eyes and nose were excreting fluids and my face was visibly swollen. 

I went to a walk in care but they told me I NEEDED to go to the emergency room immediately, where they applied some medicine and kept me for a few hours to watch me. Apparently with facial burns it is possible that swelling can occur and air passages can close, but luckily I was deemed okay to leave.

I'm back home now and about 50% of my face has been diagnosed with second degree burns - both my cheeks, around my eyes, and most of my nose. My lips are entirely scorched and blistered and I can only drink through a straw because the pain/fluid excretion is too much, and my face is begin the process of peeling. I emailed my landlord and he called me directly after and expressed his apologies and said he was going to purchase a new oven immediately (he later sent me the receipt for a new oven - the same exact model as the one that burned me). He said he would understand if I wanted to file an insurance claim and said he would get back to me with some info.

So here's the thing: he got back to me today and said his insurance agent said he likely wouldn't be liable. I'm wondering if that's true. I'm going to consult a lawyer regardless, but these burns have been very traumatizing. I already had generalized anxiety and this has exacerbated it beyond belief - I haven't left the house to get groceries because my face is full of blisters, and I've had to cancel some of my work (I freelance) because I've been straight up unable to get out of bed due to depression and worry that my burns are going to scar. I actually liked my face before - I wasn't a looker or anything but it was one of the very few parts about myself I liked, and now I may have scars on it for the rest of my life. This whole situation has really killed my spirit, so any advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you.

First things first, thank you everyone for all the help! I've settled things with management, and no longer have to pay the fees. The reason behind that is something I just had to share with you guys.

I managed to catch the cat after leaving a few bowls of food, and it turns out he does have a collar. It's just hard to see under all his fur. So I looked at the tags, hoping to find an address. There was one engraved into one of the tags, but there was just one small problem: The address was mine.

Luckily, there was also a phone number, and this one wasn't mine. So I dialed the number, and it turns out this cat (Butter) belongs to the people who used to live in my apartment. They moved to a condo across the street, and forgot to get new tags for Butter.

I explained my situation, and asked if they could tell management what was going on. They did, and less than an hour later, I got a call from the leasing office. They apologized for the "misunderstanding" and said I no longer had to pay the fees. Naturally, I made sure to get that shit in writing. I don't think Butter will stop visiting my balcony, but as long as I'm not getting in any trouble because of it, he's more than welcome to drop by whenever he feels like it.
Let me start with saying a huge thank you to everyone in this subreddit that replied to my post. Now that the dust has settled a bit, I’m honestly kinda overwhelmed by the number of people that went to huge lengths to tell me about just how serious this situation was/is, deep dived on resources, ect. I got PM’s from people that worked for local and state governments and private agencies that were outside of my state but offered their contacts. I had people that spoke Russian/Ukrainian offering to help contact the Ukrainan Embassy and offered me contact information for Embassy departments. People even contacted us offering money for Tony’s immediate needs in the event we decided to take him in. I’m sincerely touched by the genuine concern all of you had for Tony and his siblings and I hope one day I can tell Tony that despite everything that’s happened, there’s people out there like you guys that care about him. The information you guys gave us helped us act fast and got the ball rolling on this situation faster than me and my boyfriend would’ve figured out alone.

I talked with the cops about the situation and honestly? They were just as confused as I was. The person I talked to on the phone was just as stumped but he agreed that at a minimum they did need to do a welfare check. I’ve had experiences with welfare checks before and I had the nagging feeling that something just wouldn’t go right…and someone PM’d me the priority line for my state’s child protective services hotline. I got someone on the phone right away, and as soon as I mentioned that trafficking could be going on and that she was advertising the kid on Facebook (it was a public post here too, people), they acted with a quickness. I gave them all the information I had on Mary and Tony and all the information I had from Mary about Tony’s adoption. The person I spoke to right away said that she suspected that the adoption MIGHT NOT EVEN BE LEGAL. I was floored. I e-mailed all the screenshots I had to the person I spoke with and asked for a followup if that was at all possible. I said that myself and my boyfriend were willing to take Tony on a temporary basis if necessary, but the CPS representative said that likely wasn’t possible. Then, the waiting game began. Last night was probably the most stressful night I’ve ever had- hell at one point, I was ready to drive out to Mary’s house myself but was stopped by my boyfriend. It was tough.

The cops followed up with us at approximately 2:00AM. Note that I haven’t heard from CPS. The officer I spoke with was very cautious and limited in what he said, but he told me that CPS arrived at the home shortly after he did. In not so many words, he implied that Mary had been talking to someone about meeting Tony the very next day and that CPS’ suspicions were confirmed— Tony’s adoption was not legal. Tony was rehomed to Mary and her husband from another state where placement needs to be approved by a judge. He didn’t elaborate further except to say that other issues came to light and all of the children were removed from the home for their own safety by CPS. He didn’t say how long they were there, but said it was “a long time”. I was asked to drop off all e-mails and printouts to the station in the morning, and I agreed.

My boyfriend and I wanted to make doubly sure that all of our bases were checked, so I called our local FBI office who said they lacked jurisdiction in the matter but would be writing up a complaint and referring the issue to the State Department. We called the Ukrainian Embassy and made a detailed complaint and I included the contact information I had for the officer from the department.

The shit really hit the fan when I went into work to printout the e-mail. Our company is pretty small and the company owner, (I’ll call her Big Ange because of her resemblance to the Mob Wives lady) had gotten wind of Mary’s email. Big Ange was FURIOUS, and waiting at Mary’s desk to see if she would show up for work. My friend reported that Big Ange waited from 7:15 - 9:30 AM, and that Mary CAME TO WORK WITH A SOB STORY ABOUT HOW HER KIDS WERE BEING UNFAIRLY TAKEN AWAY! Mary wanted time off from work to “clear her name” and “devote herself to re-claiming her family from this misunderstanding”. I wasn’t there to witness this, but Big Ange, who has six kids herself, apparently ripped Mary a new asshole. Mary has been dismissed and rumor has it that Big Ange may or may not allow her to claim unemployment.

My head is honestly still spinning from everything that has happened. The past 24 hours have been insanity. I’m so grateful that the system worked as quickly as it did. I only hope it works out a long term solution to this problem and that Mary doesn’t get to reclaim her kids. My heart is breaking for Tony and the other kids right now…I don’t know what the fuck was happening in Mary’s house that made CPS remove them that night, but I’m going to sleep better knowing that they aren’t with psycho ass Mary and her husband, at least for awhile. What the future holds for Tony and the other kids (especially because Tony’s adoption was apparently illegal) makes me sick…but I’m going to wish for the best.

I need a damn drink.

tl;dr: CPS took the kids. They're safe. Mary has been fired from work. Redditors amaze me with their kindness and willingness to help in times of crisis.
[OP](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5roeab/my_brother_is_in_prison_for_something_i_did_i/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage)

I really really wanted to make things right with my brother but it seemed like it wasn't a good idea. I talked to a lawyer who went through everything and told me that if I confess my brother may get reduced sentence but maybe not as he will still be charged with possession and destruction of evidence and he will not be released from prison. So nothing will happen more than the chance of a small reduction. I will also get charged and will likely go to prison for a few years.

I talked to my brother and he doesn't want me to do anything. He says punishing myself will not help him and he'd rather I stay out of trouble so that him going to prison would count for something. He says if I also go to prison then what he's been through will be for nothing.

I've made a promise to myself. I'm gonna stay out of trouble, study well, work hard and make a lot of money and give half of everything I earn to my brother for the rest of my life. It's a big promise but I will keep it. He's there paying for my sins and it's not right. I hope I can stay strong and do whatever I can for him as he's been strong for me.

Thank you for helping me.  
I'll make it short. Went to my doctor for this and she said since I'm married, without child and in the right age to procreate, this can only be done after my husband signs a consent form. She said this is a "legal requirement" for the clinic and it's something she can do nothing about.

Is this seriously a legal requirement? Or some policy that the clinic came up with for their own weird reasons? I can't possibly imagine that I should need someone else's permission to get birth control.

Disclaimer: My husband just signing that form is not a problem. I'm just wondering what legal basis the doctor has for that requirement. 
**RESOLVED**
The publisher of the book was tricked into thinking the author had provided them with an original design. The matter is on a course to get resolved within two weeks, and my flag be taken down from this book cover design. Thank you all for your advices and assistance.  
 
__________________________________________________________________________________  

*Original post*:  

I'm a designer and the focus of my works is on flags. 5 months ago I redesigned the [flag](https://i.redd.it/anjm0vhq85ty.png) of Sassanid Dynasty (The Second Persian Empire), and shared it in Reddit’s vexillology community. It’s hands-down, one of my favorite designs, for the meaning and the process of thinking that was put into designing it. Unfortunately, I’ve now faced an issue most graphic designers face: Having my designs used for malicious purposes, without my permission or confirmation.  

Jason Reza Jorjani, a former Alt-Right member, has used my flag design on his [book cover](https://www.facebook.com/jason.jorjani.5/posts/1961561437454735) without my permission. I don’t care what’s inside that book, but judging it from its cover, which has altered my flag into a Nazi flag, and the nature of this person, I’m sure it could harm my integrity.  

I have asked the publisher politely to remove my design from the cover of that book. If they don't do it, I intend to make a law suit against them. But here is the problem: I reside in Malaysia, the author is from the US, and the publishing company is based in the UK. How can approach this case legally and take down my design? Sueing them is of course an option on the table if they don't abide to my request.  

Could someone please help me through this?
Seeing the sweet justice that guy in Oregon got reminded me that I never updated on my MIL's situation! I apologize in advance if I get any details wrong, as this is hearsay from my partner and I haven't talked directly to my MIL about it.

Original Post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/76strr/tx_pecan_tree_severely_cut_back_by_trimmers_who/

So my MIL had an arborist out who judged that, with some work and care, the tree should be able to survive the damage. By his appraisal, there was around $5500 in damage to the tree. Sadly, the photos my MIL was able to dig up weren't enough to let the arborist give a good estimate on how much the tree's nut production would be impacted, so she just went forward with that number.

She had a lawyer friend draft up a registered letter to the tree trimmers explaining the arborist's appraisal and her intentions to pursue repayment through whatever legal means were necessary. The trimmers came back with an offer to pay that amount but in 3 installments over the next year. She countered half immediately and half in a month. Two weeks later she gets contacted by the trimmer's insurance company and they sent her a single check for the full amount.

My MIL is out some shade, but got some green instead. Thanks, all, for your advice!
[Relevand background here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6splnm/update_2_my_neighbor_cut_my_trees_nh/)

Today they settled with me for $35K after legal fees. 

TL;DR Don't fuck with other people's trees.
**The backstory part**

My aunt and uncle have always been pushy people and their son (my cousin, but family stresses don't have me relating to him in any way) is a 19 year old painful entitled arse I never had much to do with personally.

I'd been planning a road trip from Sydney to Townsville for a while, and I posted details on facebook of when I was leaving in September this year. Aunt and Uncle caught wind of this and asked if I'd take their son with me, and drop him off in Brisbane in time to catch a cruise. I said no at first, but after a few pushy phonecalls from them I said I'd do it but I laid out conditions that he had to keep the attitude down. They know as well as anyone what he's like, and they promised he'd behave, so I agreed to take him. My mistake agreeing to that.

On the morning I had to leave I packed and went to pick up their son from their house. He was still asleep and hadn't even begun to pack. After 2 hours of waiting and putting my schedule behind, we got going on the road. We didn't get 20km before he'd insulted me about my weight, spat chewing gum out the window, and jammed his feet with shoes up on the dash. The whole reason for my road trip was to stretch the legs of my car, and it's a cheap but fun sort-of-classic I'm attached to. He'd already scored the dashtop with his feet when I pulled over, laid into him about feet on the dash, and I snapped when he came back with "babe, if you want this to be painless for the both of us you need to get the stick out of your arse". 

So I turned around, and suffered 20 minutes of abuse before getting him back home, all the time with him threatening me with how pissed his dad was going to be.

After some trouble getting him out of the car when he was back home, I left him and his baggage in their driveway and went off on my trip.

**The legal part**

I've now been back a fortnight, and yesterday morning I received an invoice from my uncle's business for a total of $9200 for 'Travel', and a final notice warning that it would be sent to collections if it wasn't immediately paid. I phoned my uncle and he broke it down that they'd tried to get their son on a flight to Brisbane but he never got on it and bummed about with friends locally without them knowing, and wasted opportunities they'd organised for him on the cruise.

I'm beyond annoyed and told him to jam it, posted a scan of the invoice on Facebook with the background story, and I've received nasty emails from both my aunt and uncle (I refuse to take their calls) threatening me to take it down, and also to pay it or he *will* send it to collections.

Obviously it's not a legally valid invoice, even though as far as I can tell it's a regular normal looking invoice his business would send out, but what can I do here that'll quickly get him off my back? It wouldn't surprise me if he did try to send it to collections if I don't do anything. 

For all the stupidity of that act, which I'm sure can get him in deep trouble if I pushed back legally, he's knowledgeable of the law and I think he's expecting to take advantage of my lack of legal knowledge to make me pay. Is there a law I can quickly quote back at him in reference to the invalid invoice and fraud, without me going straight to a lawyer of my own, or would should I get a lawyer to fire back so he backs down? The cost of that would hit me hard at the moment but if I have to I have to.
The mortgage is on a $1.6 million dollar home that is already partially owned by the bank. Over the past 12 years, the two of them have spent over $230,000 dollars of my inheritance on personal expenses (despite their joint annual income of $500,000). The money was court mandated to be used for my well being since my mom was a medical student at the time of my father's death. I cannot afford to lose the remainder of my inheritance which I need for my college tuition. How can I dispute Power of Attorney and revoke the decision to include my inheritance in the collateral for their home? - Michigan
She took two days off in a row last week (unapproved, but since they were consecutive they count as one day) another unapproved day on Monday, and now another today. 

Her reasoning for today is that it’s the last day of Ramadan so it’s for a religious reason. Fine, but this holiday (like many) was on the calendar all year and she did not request off using the proper channels. 

Are we able to write her up still? 
Hi all!

[This is an update to this post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7thyml/neighbor_offloading_cash_onto_me_is_this_illegal/)

First off, a huge thanks to those who responded with suggestions and advice on how to move forward.

Earlier tonight, my father and I visited our neighbor to ask about what was going on.

My father, who originally wanted no part in this, had a change of heart when I let him know I had received 120k total-- Where his cutoff point is between ignoring 40,000 USD and getting excited about 120,000 USD... I'm not sure.

I was expecting to see the man who gave me the money. Instead, it was just his wife-- who, as it turns out, has been living here without him for a month... and had no idea about his "generous donations." She was pretty shocked-- and angry, though not at me, and she was very apologetic I was involved in this at all.

For those who suggested this was an attempt to hide assets in preparation for a nasty divorce... It would seem you're right!

I haven't heard his side of the story yet, and even if I did, it would just be... his story.

I'm not going to just hand off the envelope to her-- or back to him-- without proper notarization, to avoid any trouble down the line.

After some discussion, we agreed on a mutually acceptable solution: I'll keep 60,000 USD, and 60,000 USD will be returned to the couple-- her, him, I don't really care as long as it's all notarized and witnessed.

I'm sure some people will tell me that since the money was given to me, I could tell the wife to pound sand and return nothing. That may be true-- but the whole exchange leaves me feeling a little icky about keeping it. I only had it as a fuck-you to this woman, anyway.

This seems like a mutually acceptable solution where I get a huge donation towards my tuition and don't feel like I lost money. 

How will the divorce be affected by this? Will she be able to sign the divorce papers? We have been separated for a year and he’s been living with his mother and grandmother in this time and has basically, because of drugs, been rendered unable to care for himself. I don’t pay any of his expenses. There’s not a doubt in my mind the courts will grant his mom guardianship. Her primary reason for wanting guardianship is to get him signed up for welfare/SSI which he refuses to do.

We have two children together, who I care for and they see their father and grandmother about once a month for 2-6 hours. Is her guardianship going to help me in getting full custody?


I’m in Nevada.
I got home to find my child missing. My child is a friend with the nearby neighbor child. The neighbor child's parent suspected the kids were doing drugs and administered a urine sample drug test, which came back negative.

I mad to say the least. Beyond being an incredible invasion of privacy, did the neighbor also commit a criminal act?

Edit: Location is Arizona
Teenager was injured by playground equipment, HOA was sued and lost because they knew the equipment was defective, didn't follow the manufacturer's maintenance plan, and didn't do their own maintenance. The HOA is currently appealing the verdict. Insurance only covers $2,000,000, leaving $18,000,000. There are 205 homes total. This is in Las Vegas, NV.  

My girlfriend owns a home in this community, and we're trying to assess her options. Is it a foregone conclusion that the HOA will have to come up with this money and hit the homeowners with an assessment? With the HOA found liable, can the HOA hold the property management company responsible? Is there anything she and the other homeowners can do about this mess?  

Edit: Wow, this thing really exploded. Seems HOAs are a sore subject and this episode is a great example of why. Thank you all for your comments and I will do my best to answer questions to help keep the discussion going.
More or less what the title says. I work for a tiny diner (it's me and eight other people, including management) and have been here for 4 years, 2 months. They know of me being trans and have never said anything... until now. They sat us down three days ago and announced, happily, that we will have new uniforms. Our previous uniform is a simple black attire. Black pants, dark shirt. Now, it's a black shirt and pants/skirt(for women). When I asked why I was given a skirt, they told me, that, legally, until I had the "correct" set, I was still a woman and would have to wear the skirt. I am years away from the surgery. They said that either I wear it or I lose my job. I... really can't lose my job. What can I do? Doesn't the US have laws about this???
I am reeling right now, its been a couple of days but I am still completely shell shocked by all of this and I have no idea where to go from here. 

I was married to a woman from South Asia for 10+ years. We met overseas and got married here in the US. She became a US citizen, went to college here and had a great job. We have two wonderful children together and a lived a great life in the DC suburbs. She went back home to visit family and while she was there we got the news that she had been killed in a car accident; that was in 2013. Our children were 5 and 6 at the time.

It was obviously extremely traumatic for all of us. It was complicated by the fact that no one in her family speaks English and we were constantly going through friends for translating. Her family is from a village that is not very accessible and definitely  doesn't get much western tourism. She was cremated and I have her remains in an urn here at the house. 

I've tried to keep up with video chats between the kids and their grandparents but it was never very successful because of the language barrier.

Well, a couple of days ago I get a video chat request from her sister and when I answer it my wife is there. I was an absolute mess. She told me that she was just so overwhelmed and couldn't deal with being a mother or living in a foreign country any more. Her whole family helped her cover this up and staged the whole thing for her. She has been living there the whole time.

I'm not here for relationship advice. I've called out of work but I haven't told anyone yet. I've got a session with a shrink next week, but WTF do I do next?

We had a $500k life insurance policy on her that I used to pay off the house and all of our credit card debt. I've still got like $100k of it left in college accounts for the kids. Am I going to have to pay this money back? I don't have that kind of money. I am beyond furious. There is no way I want her back in our lives. I know I will have to tell the kids but I don't want her near them. How do I protect myself and my children? Are we still even married? Would she be able to get custody/visitation with them?

****************************************************************************
Edit:
I met with an attorney and I'm going to have to abandon this thread for a while. Thank you all for your advice. 

tldr: this is going to be a shitshow
So before I give the Update, I wanted to say a few things. 

First I am not some Jiu Jitsu, Muay Thai, Taekwondo, Krav Maga, or Patrick Swayze Roadhouse style bar bouncer. I am not a veteran who obtained my sick martial arts skills in the streets of Mosul. What happened was simply addrenaline and a decent amount of martial arts training I received when I was a kid kicking in. Although I do occasionally work out at the gym at my work so I am stronger than your average network admin. Also for those calling bullshit in the PMs saying that a punch to the jaw will not knock you out, well I have a small lesson. A well placed punch to the jaw can cause minor to major brain trauma as the act of your brain shaking about in your head can overload the nervous system making you lose consciousness. Your muscles instantly relax and you fall to the ground with no memory of the last few seconds. 

In other words go watch some UFC... 

Second. To the people in the thread and in my PMs, I did not punch him in retaliation for stabbing me. His knife was still inside me and his hand was on the knife when I punched him in pure fear. More like 100 percent pure terror. 

So on to the update. The company I worked for is a wholly owned subsidiary. This will be important later. The CEO of my company was unwilling to hear my side of it no matter how many times I tried to approach him.  The best response I got was when his secretary gave me the line of "trusting the decisions of HR." Several emails and 2 phone calls got the same response from him and his assistant each and every time. Because of the fact that no one at the office is willing to even hear my side, I decided to go to a lawyer that was recommended through a friend. Friend contacted a lawyer he used in the past who referred me to someone he trusts. Upon hearing my story the lawyer was very eager to take my case on contingency.  As an added bonus, he decided to represent the other three guys who helped out that day as well. 

The lawyer decided to name the parent company in the suit along side our former employer. His reasoning is that the parent company would have reviewed all corporate policies that the subsidiary has and that they would have had final say on the policies and procedure. This would have inevitably included the zero tolerance workplace violence clause that caused us to be terminated. 

Well the parent company, a company with many public contracts for city and state police in the area I might add, was not too happy to hear about what had happened. The event was apparently downplayed when it was reported to the parent company. They told the parent company something along the lines of "A scuffle broke out in the office. As a result one of the employees was seriously injured. All employees involed will be terminated and Law enforcement are handling the criminal aspect." Paraphrasing but that was the jist of it. 

Upon hearing about the truth of the matter, they were VERY quick to set up a meeting with us. This is a company that is in the self defense and security business. Not to be confused with people in the firearm business. They do not sell firearms, but do provide armor, non lethal options, and have security subsidiaries for police, security firms, and private citizens.  

Given the nature of their business, they know full well the damage that negative press could do if word got out that one of their subsidiaries fired a guy who fought for his life. This was the PR nightmare that gave us the edge in the negotiations.  The subsidiary I worked for is not in the self defense business. They are a security monitoring firm that only handles corporate contracts so they were not worried about that kind of press like the parent company was. Upon hearing the full details of what went down that day, the parent company went into panic mode. 

The three guys who held down my attacker wont be getting their old jobs back, but they were offered jobs doing the same thing at parent company's facility 12 miles away. They will also be compensated for lost wages at time and a half their normal pay rate for the time they were out of work. Parent company pretty much directed our old company to comply with this offer and our old company cut them a check. Since parent company has better benefits and better pay, this was a slam dunk victory for those three. Cherry on top for them is this means a closer drive for all of them. This offer was contingent on the three guys not going after either company for monetary compensation outside of what was offered, and the signing of a non disclosure agreement. With the NDA and a signed contract guaranteeing employment for at least a year, barring obvious reason to fire people, it would have been stupid of them not to take it.  

For me it was a little more complicated. They are very willing to offer me the same thing, but there are complications from infections that occurred from the stabbing as I developed MRSA in the wound. Fortunately it remains localized in my wound and has not spread to my blood stream, however if it progresses any worse than it currently is, my doctor thinks it may be prudent to cut out the infection. It is being watched very carefully and I spend probably 2 days out of the week in the hospital having the wound drained. In the meantime I have been offered the job, plus the ability to be paid while I work from home. This would allow me to get on their excellent coverage plan. (they only have a 1k deductible for single person) 

My lawyer basically told me that this was the best possible deal I could get without going to trial. He explained that the parent company can take the hit on the publicity and survive, but that since all they have to do is offer me a job and get the old company to pay me for the time I was out of work, why not? Minor expense to them and they do not have to worry about bad publicity. I took the deal they offered and signed a non disclosure agreement. 

So TL:DR of that one is that the each of us were offered compensation for lost wages and offered better paying jobs at the parent company. Far as I know our former job is paying the lawyer fees. We did not pay a dime for his services. 

As for the guy who stabbed me? I was very pissed off to learn he was offered a plea deal. His charges were reduced from attempted murder to aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Since he was a model citizen before his knife wielding episode, and since this was a crime of passion, he was offered a mere 1 year in prison and a year of probation plus a 10k fine. I am told that there is the possibility that he can have his record expunged and that he can be out in as little as six months. I know that he has not appeared before the judge yet to take this plea deal. They were waiting to see if I would die as the charge would obviously change from agg assault to murder 2. Once they found out that I was stable and that the MRSA was not life threatening, they set a court date for the 12th. I will be there. 

Because of the fact that a lawsuit against him right now would be a lawsuit against his wife and child, I decided not to do anything on that front. Going after him would be a cash grab and would only hurt two people who had nothing to do with what happened that day. So I see no reason to sue him. 

Also before it is asked, yes I am taking extreme measures to deal with my MRSA. I have paid a company to come in and clean my house 4 times so far, I am taking my medications on time every time, and I am following doctor instructions for cleaning and replacing bandages. It is getting better, but my doctor thinks I will be dealing with this all the way until after valentine's day. 
Original Post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7tp5af/nc_sold_a_board_game_on_ebay_for_2025_and_being/?st=JDD8444I&amp;sh=369ed9c1

Posted on eBay reddit and PayPal reddit. Decided to continue pursuing a PayPal appeal before getting a lawyer since that would be more costly.

I filed a local police report, USPIS report, FBI report and submitted all of that plus pictures, eBay information, tracking numbers, everything I had. PayPal went silent for a week once I started the appeal. 

Then after a week I got an email saying my fax didn’t have enough information. I never sent a fax though. Tried calling them...could never get through? Decided to reach out to them on twitter asking about the fax. They never responded to that but apologized for the delay and said they were escalating to a specialist now. 

This morning I woke up to an email saying PayPal is issuing me a refund. This is their final decision and cannot be appealed by the buyer.

I will still be pushing law enforcement to engage in his fraud/attempted fraud. Hopefully this can still help the other guy that got scammed by him too. 

Now I wait for what this buyer will do next... but for now I won a PayPal case despite their infamous record and I feel okay. 

Thank you everyone for advice and good wishes! 
**Edit: I've received a few messages and read a few BOLA comments saying I should out Sarah, even by doing it secretly. That is absolutely out of the question. Please stop messaging and commenting to that effect.**

Hey everyone, I *really* didn't expect to have an update so soon, but my husband found something new last night and I just spent 2 1/2 hours on a skype call with my lawyer (while he's on vacation, bless his heart) so here we are. I'd also like to thank everyone who left comments in my last thread and helped me come around to waiting for my lawyer (even if it didn't go that way in the end). The majority of you were really kind and informative.

Also my last post was at risk for doxxing according to mods, so I'm going to be much more vague with this one on locations / website data. Mods, if you want something else changed please let me know.

So, onto this weekend's events. Lots of people were saying my best bet at this point would be gathering together the evidence of sick days lining up with photoshoots, so I brought all my work files home and started to go at it. Eventually I got too emotionally tired and started crying, and so my husband took over to do some of the match up work for me (he was already aware of what was going on, as he was present when I found Sarah and her husband's pictures online). While I had taken a bunch of screen shots I really had avoided looking at the actual pictures out of a mix of awkwardness / anger, and fixated on the dates listed more. However, at one point my husband called me over and asked me to look at a particular set.

Because of our field, my office has a large store room where we keep items used for set up. One of her picture sets had been taken in this store room over the weekend and had a title somewhere along the lines of "Naughty Work" (but not that). To give a bit of an idea of how this was even possible, my building doesn't have key locks we have a code pad system. My employees all have the codes, and it's not uncommon for any of my employees to visit the office on a weekend to do extra work or even just grab something they forgot to take home. All of that data is saved however, so I then pulled the keypad records from our server and sure enough, her code was used the day before the album was posted.

At this point I'm ashamed to say I lost it pretty hard and started screaming at the screen. It took a few hours for me to calm down, and then I called my lawyer on his personal cellphone which he said is allowable in an emergency. He picked up, I gave him a short run down and he told me to give him a half hour to finish lunch and then he'd call me right away.

I laid everything out for him (he tactfully avoided asking me how I found this profile aside from "did someone send this to you, did you have reason to look for it, or did you find it accidentally?" which was nice of him) and then asked him what we could do. My lawyer has said we have absolute cause to fire her without worrying about a rebuttal of this being because of her "condition" / weight gain, and that the best thing will be to have security at the door Monday waiting for her with everything at her desk boxed up and a formal letter of her termination.

He then suggested something I hadn't even thought about, which was needing that store room professionally cleaned (they used a plastic sheet but still...) and how to recover the cost of that from Sarah, as well as sending off a take down request for the album as my company logo is visible in at least two portions of it. He did tell me any of the accommodations I gave her without asking for a letter of disability were on me and not pursuable. At this point I'll probably just get the cost of cleaning that store room professionally, and getting rid of Sarah, which is fine with me.

My lawyer said he will be reaching out to a friend or two for help, as he's never faced anything quite like this. I told him that I could believe that, and that I was sorry to have to bring this to him. He joked that it was going to be one hell of a case study someday, and that if I need him for *anything* else related to this before he's back to give him a call.

As for me, I'm going to take 3 days off work after letting Sarah go to process my hurt feelings like some of you suggested. Then I'm going to have to install a full camera system in my office space, start building a new set of HR policies and look for someone to fill Sarah's position.

Again, thank you all for the advice you gave me even though I didn't end up needing it.
I'm sorry if this is short, they have my computer so I'm using my phone. 

I went on a month and a half trip, starting mid June. I told my landlord about this in writing (email) and gave them permission to enter the apartment to do minor repairs. My lease is until mid September and I absolutely made no mention of moving out. I'm paid out through mid next month and supposedly the last month is already covered as I paid it up front with my deposit. 

I arrived at my apartment (a studio in a small building) a bit over three hours ago to find the chain on the door preventing me from opening it even though my key worked. Almost immediately I heard screaming from the people inside since they thought I was breaking in. I said that it's my apartment which they denied... even though I could see my pc and they were drinking out of my cups. They claimed that they rented the apartment as fully furnished and that I needed to fuck off since it and its contents are theirs fair and square. I pointed out the computer only to find that they had basically trashed it since they couldn't unlock it. It's a custom built machine and definitely is (or was) my most valuable possession, I don't understand why they could possibly think it would be included as a furnishing. I also had tons of clothes in the closet and drawer (assumed trashed now) and the sheets on the bed are mine. I know this, it's a factory defect set I got on sale so the chances of them having their own is next to none. 

I called the police who showed up surprisingly quickly, but the other people have a lease and recent mail for the address. I have no idea what they've been doing with my mail since the locked box was emptied.

Since we both have leases the police couldn't do anything tonight. I'm in a hotel. I'm not sure what the hell I can do. I'm concerned that now this is happening they'll sell off my stuff or otherwise be spiteful. Lots of the kitchenware are family heirlooms and can't be replaced, they have what's left of my pc, and all my furniture. I'm assuming the clothes and me-specific stuff is long gone already. I tried to grab some photos to show that they have my stuff but they shut the door when they saw so I only managed a couple blurry pics. 

I can't get a hold of my landlord and my new place isn't available for another month and a half. Since these people have been there for a month I'm scared that they have to be formally evicted and I'll have nowhere to live for the next few weeks. All my stuff is basically gone, especially if they try to get rid of the unique things. All I have is the small amount of clothing I had for my trip. 

**Edit 1:** Oh wow, thank you all for the advice! I was in full blown panic last night so I'm sorry I couldn't respond quickly. I'll try to answer questions here so everyone doesn't have to search! I apologize if anything is disjointed, I'm trying to cover as much as possible.

I still can't contact my landlord but I left messages both last night and this morning. A case has been opened with my insurance but they said not much can be done immediately because it's Sunday. I'm waiting on hearing from them before reaching out to a lawyer myself. I'm about to try the organizations suggested, hopefully they can help even more with specific information since I can't post everything here without being identified!

I do have a copy of the lease, it was all done online. I don't have the printed version though, it was in the apartment. When I moved in I paid 4x one month's rent: first month, last month, security deposit, and broker fee. I've always paid within a couple hours of rent being posted (it's an online system for all this landlord's property units) and have never missed any utilities, I know for sure this isn't from lack of payment. I had my passport with me since I was traveling outside the country so that's good! 

The landlord responded to my email, they definitely received it and acknowledged the trip. I did get home early though, as someone mentioned. By about two weeks, it was originally a two month trip. Maybe they were renting the apartment as a really short term sublet and hoping I wouldn't find out? I'm a little hopeful that they might have put my clothing in storage if so...

I'm in a neighborhood of Boston, one of the more popular ones for students. People do sublet pretty often, after reading some of these comments maybe it isn't as weird to have so much of my stuff after all. 

One thing did come up while checking out apartment details was that my electricity was off. I have autopay so I didn't even see the bill amount from last week, but if I had paid manually I (hopefully) would have noticed that my apartment was somehow using more power than usual. The only thing that should have been running was the fridge, everything else was entirely unplugged! The wifi is also still in my name and the password was on a sticky note. I imagine the new residents were told that the landlord was covering all utilities so that may also not be their fault. Same goes for the mail, they could have just thought it was a wrong address. 

I guess what I'm thinking is maybe the new residents are just as much the victims here. Their aggressive reaction could easily just be the stress of having a stranger try to get in the apartment and then call the cops. That'd make me defensive! 

I do have a possibly stupid follow up question. I'm spending the day making a list of the items I had in the apartment. Unfortunately my receipt box was in the unit so that doesn't help, thankfully most of my computer's parts were ordered online so I have that. The main question is, when deciding value does custom tailoring come into play at all? This morning I remembered that my bridesmaid dress for an upcoming wedding was in the closet. The dress itself is only a few hundred dollars (expensive but not crazy for weddings!) but it had a ton of custom work for sizing and neck line modifications. It'll be a pain to replace if I even can in time. Would it be worthwhile to try and contact the current residents to see if they kept any clothing? Or would that hurt my case? 

Also, is it better to stay in a hotel while this is getting sorted out? I'm staying with a friend right now (didn't want to bother her so late last night) but again, I'm not sure if hotels are better because of the paper trail. 

Not much has happened, tomorrow should have more progress!
My sister is 10 and I’m 30. My dad has been absent from her life for years, we don’t know where he is. He wasn’t around for me either, used to disappear for a few years at a time and come back for a few months only to disappear again.

I’m close with my sister, she usually spends one or two nights a week with me and my wife. I don’t give her mom money, but I help out by buying her things that she need.

On Monday her mom called me telling me that we need to come to some sort of financial arrangement for child support since I have so far established myself as playing the role of the father in her life and therefore I need to pay child support. I laughed that off as it sounded absurd but apparently she is being serious. The role that I play I think is the role of older sibling (which I am!) with an absent father, that’s all.

I was told by my sister that she has overheard their mother talking to her aunt that her lawyer is going to sue me. It could be the mom playing games, saying that for my sister to hear and then tell me to scare me into paying her money. She’s capable of being manipulative.

Assuming she is being serious in her attempts to take legal action to get child support from me, what should I expect? And how do I prepare myself now?
PA

Previous follow up post here - https://np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/83xbg1/pa_update_storm_damaged_house_the_tenants_are_out/

It is done, and my father wanted to let you all know the conclusion of the situation.

House was repaired in a very timely manner and we ended up selling the place. In fact, I was able to convince my dad to sell all his rental properties (9 of them). He's so happy that he did. He's got a sizable nest egg to live off of for many, many years. Mom and dad are going on like a 30 day trip around Europe next year. 

So the tenants ended up suing my dad in small claims for....wait for it...$5,000!!! How about that!

Their son, who apparently is actually in law school and actually passed the LSAT decided "as a resident of the affected home" to be the one who did the speaking in the court room to the Judge. This did not go well. 

After a bit of back and forth between my father, the Judge, and the kid, the Judge scolded the son and threatened to call his school for his "unconscionable, unreasonable, and childish behavior in the court" if he did not back down. He went on to say something like "your ill informed understanding of the law and disregard for (my father's) generous offer has put you and your family in a worse off situation...you should know better...etc." "(My father) offered you all an opportunity that many, many other land lords would not do, and you squandered that opportunity...shame on you, on and on."

Needless to say, the Judge was mega pissed!

The 20-something legal scholar's mom was sitting next to him, she was crying after the verbal lashing from the Judge and kept mumbling to her son "we should have just taken (my father's) offer, he's a good man, why did you do this to us!"

The case was thrown out, and the parents apologized to my father. 

So that's that. It is over.
I'm a 16 year old living in Massachusetts in the Boston area and I work part time at a restaurant. My shift officially starts at 4PM, but we are instructed when we are hired to instead show up at 3:30 or earlier to get started (preparing tables, sweeping, etc.) and I was wondering if this practice is out of the ordinary or if it is even legal. I've been working there for over a year now.

EDIT: I have been punching in at 4, as I have been instructed by my boss. We're instructed not to accept tips.
Hey there, Reddit. Throwaway here.

My husband impregnated his mistress. She had the baby. She got a paternity test. It's his. 

The baby is a few months old.
She wants child support. 

How do I know this? She showed up on our doorstep with said baby and paternity results. 
I had no clue that he was having an affair, his affair partner was having a baby, or that he was present for birth and funneling her money from "our" savings. 

He is a stay-at-home dad to our two young children. I am the sole earner. 
If I don't immediately file for an at fault divorce (In Virginia), will I be responsible for paying for this child?

This is all very fresh and I'm on my phone- so sorry for formatting/grammar/content.

I'm going to consult an attorney next week, just looking for some unofficial answer so I can survive the weekend with my sanity intact. 

Edit: 
The reason I'm pretty sure it's a legit paternity test is that she has filed for support. 
And, oh yes. I plan to file asap and I'm meeting with my attorney Monday.

I've spent several hours plugging in numbers to the VA child support calculator. Even of I impute him a reasonable wage, I will owe him child support. Even if I have 80% custody, I will owe him child support. 
Even if he waives alimony, he will likely get a bunch from accounts/retirement/property unless he just walks away. 

He wants to "make us work", so I expect this is going to go downhill quickly. 

Thanks everyone for the advice. Pretty sure I'm fucked no matter what. The thought of having to (even temporarily) finance his "other child" was feeling like the proverbial straw...

She gets points for having the balls to walk up and hand deliver a giant envelope of destruction, personally. I also hope she keeps him. She can fucking have him.
She had fallen while hiking last month and for the first week she was in severe pain so went to an urgent care.  At the urgent care they took xrays and said everything was fine.  A week goes on and she is still in severe pain so I booked her an appointment at an orthopedic specialist.  Her first appointment she waited 2 hours and got an xray that he looked at for ~1 minute before telling her there was nothing wrong and just to take 'epsom salt baths' for her foot which was pretty bruised.  A week later she went for a followup with him and again she waited for 2 hours for him to see her for ~2 minutes and he said everything was looking better and she should be fine to get back to hiking.

For the next week she tried walking  bit with me but she was really in pain still and my wife is really fucking tough when it comes to pain tolerance so I got her an appointment at a second specialist.  She not only got in right away but the Doctor sat with her for about 20 minutes asking her 100 questions about the incident while she had new xrays taken and when he got the xrays back he found and showed my wife all the fractures in her leg/foot.

So basically my wife ended up walking on a broken leg/foot for 2weeks+ because one doctor completely misdiagnosed her twice because his office seemed to be really busy/overbooked.  Is there a way to contact my insurance company or this guys' office and have a valid case for a refund here?  Or is this one of those cases that you pay for their opinion regardless of how accurate it is?
I originally posted this in a different place but was told I should come here

I've been with my husband, who is 45, for 17 years now. We've got 2 children who are 7 and 11. Recently our relationship has been struggling, bit deep down I thought we both loved each other and my husband had never spoken about or showed any signs of wanting it to end.

However, last weekend I took the kids away with me while my husband stayed at home. We got back home and everything seemed normal, until my husband's phone went off while he was in the bathroom. When I looked at it, it was a message from a girl saying 'I hope I didn't leave it at yours'. This immediately made me suspicious and I confronted my husband, who eventually admitted he had met with a girl who was just 16 and said they had kissed, but nothing more. But I later found 2 condoms, one in the house and one in the car, that I knew had not been used with me as they were flavoured and we had never used flavoured ones. So I'm pretty sure my husband had sex with a 16 year old. But even worse, he loves her and wants to end it with me to be with her. 

I just don't really understand it, she's 16 and I've searched her up on Facebook. She's a model and gets hundreds of likes on her pics and loads of comments from boys. My husband is not rich or anything like that, so what could she possibly want from a 45 year old man?

But they both swear they love each other and he wants her to start looking after our kids.

I just don't know what went wrong or what to do anymore

I'm from the UK, so the sex wasn't illegal

I DO NOT want her or him to be allowed to look after my kids. Is there any way I could stop that?
 [UPDATE] [I posted here](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/75razd/second_grade_daughter_assaulted_and_bruised_by/) about 4 months ago regarding an incident where my daughter's second-grade teacher grabbed her and bruised her on the playground.

The school, of course, tried to minimize the entire incident and we had to fight to even have her class moved so that she wouldn't have to continue to deal with that teacher.

Yesterday, a notice came out from the school along with a press release from the state police that this teacher was arrested on 6 counts of Possession of a Sexual Performance by a Child. The arrest came after the second incident with a child where he supposedly made some inappropriate comments. 

This is a teacher who has been in the district for 30 years and had such a reputation for inappropriate behavior that parents warned us about him when we originally got our daughter's class assignment.

Furthermore, he was moved from teaching 4th grade to 2nd grade because 'he did better with the younger kids' according to other teachers at the school. 

The administration was less than accommodating in finding a solution. My emails at the time to both the superintendant and the teachers union were continuously ignored, and it was a struggle to even get her class moved, let alone any sort of accountability on the teacher's part.

After her class was changed, the teacher told his class (that she had just exited) that she was a bad child and they should not talk to her. 

I am absolutely sure that the district has been aware of the problems that this teacher has caused, and that my daughter and the most recent victim are not his only ones. 

You guys were tremendously supportive and helpful when I first posted. I wanted to update you and also see what my next step is in holding these adults accountable for letting this man around children at all. 



A little earlier this morning I had a meeting with the Director of Housing. He had heard a little about what was happening but asked to hear my side of the story from start to finish. Before I told him what was happening I let him know that I would be recording the meeting. There was a user that said I should have a back-up one recording and a decoy one. I did but it wasn't necessary. He said that was fine. 

So I told him start to finish what happened. When I told him that I had already met with the Title IX coordinator his face seemed to drop a little. And it dropped even further when I told him about what the Housing Coordinator said after our meeting yesterday. After I finished account of the story he asked a few questions, why I thought my roommate put up the camera, what I thought would be the best resolution to this situation, if I had any problem moving to a new place. 

We then talked about possible solutions and concluded that me moving to a new apartment would probably be best. Even though he promised that the camera would be removed I still want to move. I don't want my roommate to be able to mess with any of my stuff because he can't have up a camera anymore. And I don't want to spend the money to buy a camera and put up to watch my stuff 24/7 /s. All jokes aside this has put a bit of strain on my relationship with my roommate and I really don't want him to do anything to my things or deal with the resentment the rest of the semester. 

The director apologized for what happened with the RA, RC, AD and HC. He asked for me to not talk with my roommate about what happened tonight and assured me it would be taken care of this evening. He also asked me to come back tomorrow in the afternoon to sign a few papers, not sure what they are for but I assume it has to do with not pressing charges or anything like that, pick-up the keys to my new apartment, and update the Title IX coordinator on the situation. 

Thank you everyone for your advice I followed almost of it. I think this ended in the best possible way. 

Edit: and again forget NY state.. 

and the link to the original https://redd.it/787ugz

and the link to the first update https://redd.it/78r5ld
So for those of you saying this wasn't over, I'm really unhappy to say you were right. At this point I really just WISH this was over, I'm so overwhelmed and drained. Writing it all out has really helped me out, and I know you guys like knowing the ending to stories so I hope no one minds another update. Again, thanks for all of your support during this. I do read everything in BOLA, I just don't reply unless I see people really confused about something.

Now onto the update.

Saturday Sarah's husband showed up at our building after dark, broke into the entrance way and was in the process of trying to break into our offices when the police showed up and arrested him. Thankfully the cleaner was in the upstairs hallway and heard him smash the lock on the door in order to get into the initial entrance way, then hid and called the cops.

According to the police he had a gasoline canister with him and they believe his intention was arson as retaliation for us firing Sarah. They wouldn't say much besides the base facts, however from what I gather (and also what the cleaner told me afterwards) he apparently flipped out when the cops showed up and was yelling incoherently.

The police called me and had me come into the station and relay my full story. It was awful and honestly really embarrassing. At this point they said there'll need to be an arraignment (which I won't be involved in) and then most likely a trial (which I may be required to be a part of) before we know what happens to him, but that they would update me as the case moves along when they can (like if he gets out on bail, etc).

The police are charging Sarah's husband with a handful of things (breaking and entering, attempted arson, apparently assaulting an officer and a few others) however my husband said we could probably recover the damages of the busted door as well. I also got together an emergency meeting for all the building / business owners and informed them of what had gone on (just the basics on Sarah's firing, not the details) and our business offered to hire a night time security guard for the next little while, which they agreed would be prudent. I feel really terrible about this now affecting them -- all of them could've lost their livelihoods. They were really nice about everything, but I can't help feeling like crap.

I sent all of this information off to our lawyer but haven't heard back from him as he's still on vacation.

We've still not heard anything from Sarah either, though all of her social media is gone (not blocked, we checked through an account she would have no reason to block) as well as her account on the website with the fetish photos. I honestly have no idea if she had anything to do with this or not.

So that's it. I'll see if I can update when everything is wrapped up (though some of you mentioned my lawyer may have me take these posts down), but if I'm able to it probably won't be for a while while the police and courts do their thing.
Here's the original: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5j2max/my_husband_drained_our_accounts_and_wants_to_kick/

First, I want to say that I logged out of this account that evening, and didn't come back until now, and I was BLOWN AWAY by all of the people offering food, gift certificates, or just good will, and I started crying.. again.  I will respond to each of you individually.

So, to recap: My STBX is a cheating ass, and he panicked and tried to erase his family. 

The update: This all happened on a Sunday, so there wasn't a lot I could do right then. I put the kids to bed, and called my mom and cried. Then, I called my mother in law, who was horrified.

My inlaws came over that night with $200 in cash and a check for much more. My father in law is didn't say much, but he did fix my bathroom door (which is how he shows affection), and muttered that he would "fix this".

I opened a new checking account at a new bank (THANKS FOR THIS ADVICE) with the check my in laws gave me.

I opened a new credit card in my name.

My mother deployed a niece to help with childcare for the next week, I called in a lot of childminding favors, and with the cash my inlaws gave me, I was able to pay the babysitter while I worked this out.

I met with two divorce attorneys- both of them told me about what you had said, that he was legally screwed. I chose one, and we set the process in motion to get an emergency hearing, but by Tuesday, my old checking account had *most* of the money back, and my husband was asking to "talk".

On the advice of my lawyer, I took half of the checking account money and put it in my new bank, and kept records of everything.  

I pulled our credit reports- He has over $40,000 in credit card debt. I also found out, that he received a raise last year, and funneled this money out of our shared accounts. I would have figured this out when I did our taxes, and this led to him panicking and trying to "erase" us. 

Keep in mind, this asshole gave me gonorrhea. I am an accountant by trade, and I'm afraid of CC debt the way some girls are afraid of spiders, so I was horrified about this, but my lawyer thinks it's likely that he'll have to have this debt on his own, as my name isn't on it, and it seems that most of it was spent on his side piece.

We have started mediation, which he agreed to when he realized that he would need to pay for BOTH of our divorce attnys.

My goal- which my lawyer thinks is reasonable, is to ask for alimony until I either re-marry (not likely) or my 2 year old is in school full time, and to have a reasonable amount of child support until she's 18, and then we'll split college costs for all of them. When all the kids are in school, I can concentrate on getting back to work.

I also plan to sell the house and buy a smaller house in a less elite section of town.  The kids can share rooms, and I can live mortgage free. 

So, I'm heartbroken, and diseased, but there's also an incredible weight that his lifted from me. Our marriage has been bad for so long, and I didn't even realize how unhappy I was, and how.. absent by husband was.  It took my 5 year old almost a week to realize that Daddy was gone. 

Everything is looking up- I've 
Hello,

Here is a link to the original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/81lrvo/my_grandmother_who_is_illiterate_and_starting/

First off I would like to thank everyone for the advice they gave. It made me feel so much better knowing that there are great people out there willing to help.

On Saturday I contacted the dealership. They were no help and told me even if it was there grandmother there was nothing they could do. After the phone conversation I felt my next move was to go to the dealership with my grandmother.

At the dealership I spoke to the sales manager and the conversation didn't go well. I explained the situation to him and he said there was nothing he could do because they did everything legally. He said they could not discriminate based off of mental complicity. Then he went on to say that it was the same as him not being able to discriminate based off if someone was "Black, Asian, etc..". He then went on to compare it to them asking a woman to speak to her husband. At that point my younger cousin got upset and began speaking to him and he got annoyed then stated "You are making me not want to help you" and that "If this is the case where were you when she was here". I told him that we needed to step outside to continue this conversation. Outside of the room I explained that what he said came off extremely disrespectful and that the dealership came and picked her up so how would I know this was happening. A few minutes later I realized speaking to this guy was a waste of our time.

I did find out on the bank paper work it said $3,000 ssi a month which is way off. I confronted him about the number and he said my grandmother confirmed it. I asked her in front of him how much she makes and she had no idea. I asked if he verified her income and he said he did not need to. After I left the dealership I had a friend of mine who sells cars look at the paper work and he discovered they had her sign up for a $1700 service agreement even though the terms of the lease would have that car covered through the car manufacturers warranty. He informed me that it seemed they padded the lease as much as possible and that I should inform the bank that she can't afford the lease because it is almost 50% of her fixed income.

I called the bank which is through that car manufacturer and explained the entire situation. The lady on the phone asked me if I was trying to break the lease early. I explained I was just trying to get the lease nullified due to unethical business practice and the fact she not afford it. She transferred me over to customer care and I explained the entire thing there as well. The lady was helpful and escalated the issue to the regional customer service person. She said they would call me the next day (Tuesday).

I recieved a call on Tuesday but missed it due to being in a work meeting. I called the guy back 3 times yesterday and left messages. I also called him this morning and have not heard back. I then called her county APS office and explained the situation. They said they could not help and that I should seek out legal help.

Currently I am waiting to back from the customer service manager and trying to find a lawyer who deals with these situations.

I'm a NC resident attending a MI 4 year college. I just turned 21 about a month ago, and I went to a dive bar/music venue to drink and watch a show. I look incredibly young in person, but my ID is up-to-date and so is my passport as well. The bartender confiscated my ID last night because it looked fake because: "it is out-of-state and your hair doesnt match." My hair is currently dark purple, but in my license picture it's black, it looks almost exactly the same in a dimly lit bar anyway! So I tell the bartender I have a passport and he is confiscating my real ID and he says he will believe me when I bring my passport. 

I retrieve my passport, which clearly shows my age, and this time I ask to speak to the manager. The manager REFUSES to give my ID back, saying he's going to call the police to confiscate it, AND THEN HE TAKES MY PASSPORT. No, I'm not kidding, I wish I was. He went on a rant about how I tried so hard to act "of age" and had all this fake proof and a fake life. By this point the venue is almost empty and the bouncers kick us out. I now have 0 forms of identification on me. 

What can I do here? I'm supposed to drive back home in 10 days for a wedding, and I'm worried that he did call the police, they told him it was real, and he threw them away or something. Please help! 
For the last three years, I've written a parenting blog under a pseudonym. It started out small, but over time I've developed a decent sized audience. It's not huge, but it's respectable. I write entirely about my family and my life.

A completely surreal thing happened this week and it's escalated to the point that I know I need to contact an attorney. But it's a long weekend and I can't seem to get in touch with anyone. I'm hoping to get some advice here in the interim.

Earlier in the week, I started receiving a couple emails from readers congratulating me on my book deal. This came as news to me, because I've never tried to get a book deal. I asked the readers where they heard this, and they pointed me towards a couple news releases that ultimately led back to a small publishing outfit. According to the publisher, my pseudonym will be writing a book on parenting, life, and other topics. Also according to the publisher, my blog would be moving to a new site to better integrate with the book. It reeked of rebranding.

I immediately contacted the publisher and basically asked "what the fuck??" Within a day, I received a cease and desist email from a law firm on behalf of the publisher. From the letter and a few follow up emails, this is what I have pieced together:

Some deranged person decided to claim that THEY were the one who wrote under my pseudonym. This person contacted the publisher and worked out a book deal. This person told the publisher that I was a paid ghost writer who occasionally helped with posts and managed the website. This person warned the publisher that I had become disgruntled because I was supposedly informed that I would be let go in a few weeks once the book deal went through. The publisher was warned that I might try to retaliate. The publisher was told that when I learned the book deal was final, I locked the "real author" out of her own website and that I was now holding it hostage.

I was warned that I had to immediately turn access of the blog over to the publisher or risk further legal and civil penalties. I've been warned that any further posts made under the pseudonym will compound the damages because the pseudonym now belongs to the publisher and I was fired by the "real author."

I'm baffled and scared. What's uniquely worrisome is that the firm somehow knows my real name. The cease and desist is addressed to me. I have no idea how they obtained that information.

Because of the threats, I've decided to go radio silent on my blog. I usually post once a day, but I haven't posted anything since Wednesday night. In the mean time, the new blog has posts. It's weird and creepy and just plain scary because they are posts where someone is pretending to be me. I've seen my traffic take a nose-dive as it appears many of my readers have found the new blog over the last few days.

I'm hoping to reach a lawyer on Tuesday, but in the mean time, what can I do? Beyond the bizarre happenings with the blog, I'm beginning to be nervous about my own safety. I'm in Virginia.




Original post https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9n2ltg/i_think_i_was_molested_during_a_medical

In Denver Colorado.

Hey everyone thanks for all your comments it really meant a lot.

So basically I filed a complaint with the hospital asking if this procedure was a normal situation.

I spoke with the head of ultrasound and another woman who was in Hr.

At first they told me their was not a record of who did my ultrasound but after looking it was a gentleman who's been employed for 12 years and is an expert in testicular ultrasound.

Basically they said he was going above and beyond  during my medical procedure by grabbing my testicles because he knows so much about them, and was trying to find the answer quicker.They also said that rubbing my penis was absolutely normal during the exam that i was having. (apparently i was also ordered to have a right pelvic exam for a hernia) 

I questioned them multiple times asking why there was not an a chaperone or at least an explanation of what was happening.  I also questioned if i was having a right side pelvic exam why was anything above the base of my penis involved. 
They apologized for the situation and let me go. 

20 minutes later another hospital rep called me to let me know a police report was filled about the incident and I will be hearing from them soon. 
So we'll see what happens. 

Thanks again everyone!
A month ago, a realtor screamed at me over the phone. I left a 1 star google review explaining my experience. A coworker of his went my job and talked to one of my bosses, accusing me of making a fake website, but it was really just the Google Places review search engine results page. 

I feel threatened and harassed. I want to cover my ass, should I contact an attorney? 

Update

After talking to my boss, I found out that it is the broker who went in behalf of the realtor which to me is screwed up.  I sent him an email telling him to never contact anyone at work regarding this matter. 

I am going to talk to an attorney tomorrow and figure this shit out. 

Thanks everyone!
Today I was sent papers telling me that I was being sued for unpaid child support for a child I fathered. Only problem is- I’m a woman. I have a unisex that leans male name (Logan) so I’m assuming this is just a case of mistaken identity? Though my last name was correct (and it’s not a common name) and so was my address. I also have never heard of the person who is suing me.  How do I get this fixed? Will I have to go to court and prove I am who I say I am? Can I avoid court altogether? I really can’t afford the amount I’m being sued for, and I doubt I could afford a lawyer. Sorry if this is stupid, all I know about law I learned from Judge Judy. I would really like this to be fixed. Thank you in advance. 
Recap. Years ago I took in an injured kitten. Earlier this year I was connected on social media by someone claiming to be the original owner. They demanded return of the kitty and I ignored them. They then escalated to sending letters to my home.

Some LA posters thought it might have been a scam. I was sceptical because they hadn't asked for money even after things had dragged on for a while. Well, I guess they were playing the long con because I just got my first letter suggesting a few hundred dollars might just assist the "owner" to move on from their loss.  As a bonus, it was sent on letterhead from a nonexistent lawyer's office. If I don't pay the cat fee they plan to sue. My favorite part is that they don't specify for what, exactly. They're just going to sue.  You know, like lawyers do.

 I'm still kinda worried they might try to steal kitty and demand a ransom (kitty is indoor only, chipped, and rarely left alone...on days I do have to work in office I've been taking him in with me.) But yeah, I'm thinking this is one of the weirder catfishing schemes on record. 

I tried to tell kitty about his custody dispute, but he just yawned in my face and joined his big brothers for a celebratory afternoon nap. Though he did hack up a hairball on my pillow yesterday...paying someone else to take him is starting to look pretty tempting.


To expand on the title.   Our neighbors kid had been doing backflips on their trampoline and had landed askew and it sent the kid flying into our yard where he had hurt his arm.

Here is a crude MS Paint diagram of the property lines and houses [https://imgur.com/a/kgjVMuX](https://imgur.com/a/kgjVMuX)

The family of the kid is suing us because their 14 year old had hurt himself in our yard technically.  I don't know how he did it but he managed to jump high enough to get over the fence and land in our yard.  No one on my property  was home to witness it.  The only reason we found out we we're getting sued was when we got served and the mother of the boy had come over and asked for a cash payment for their sons medical bills.  How fucked are we?
[Previous post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5uzlut/i_write_a_pseudonymous_blog_someone_posed_as_me/)

Thank you for all the advice to my last post. I especially appreciate the supportive private messages I received from IT experts and fellow mommy bloggers.


As for the update, unfortunately this problem has become too complicated for me to fight and I've chosen to walk away. I know this does not make much sense at first, but there are many personal considerations that have gone into my decision.


In the comments to my last post, I alluded to being worried about the financial security of my family. What I did not mention is that much of this fear comes from the fact that my mother in law was recently diagnosed with a serious (though hopefully treatable) disease. My family and the families of my in-laws are helping her through this difficult period.

But the difficulties are more than financial. This has been a very emotionally trying time for my husband and my children. Prior to this legal problem, my husband and I had discussions about me reducing my blogging or stepping back entirely for a stretch. The amount of time it took to write for my blog is honestly time that I need to put towards supporting my family right now.

So one consideration in my decision to not pursue a legal fight was the money and (more importantly) the time it would take. Although my husband and I figured the money would work itself out, especially if our case was as strong as everyone here said it was.

But the real reason I decided not to fight the publisher is this: I wrote things on my blog about my in-laws (including my MIL) under the assumption that I was writing anonymously. I was never mean, but I did state some difficult truths about their behavior and unintentional emotional manipulation. 

We came to the conclusion that any effort to fight the publisher carried with it too great a risk that I would be outed publicly as the author of the blog. Given that emotions are running high now that we are all caring for my MIL, it would be devastating if my in-laws  became aware of my writing. This concern settled the issue for us.

The publisher filed a DMCA complaint against my blog. Thanks to the advice of everyone here, I made a backup of all my writing for myself. Strangely enough, a (very poorly formatted) archive of old posts also appeared on the new blog run by the impostor and the publisher. It looks like they just used copy and paste. I sent an email to the lawyers saying that while I was not conceding ownership of the blog or of my posts, I would not be fighting them at this time. They want me to sign some papers, but I have told them that I will not do that. They seem to have backed off.

Honestly, I am heartbroken to lose my blog, but I would be more heartbroken if it became something that would create a rupture in my family as we try to support my MIL. 

Thank you again to everyone. Hopefully somewhere down the road I can begin writing anew. 


Original Post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8b8k5i/usmi_sold_my_car_to_a_dealership_they_called_me/

After reading most, if not all, of the comments in the previous post I called the Director of used car sales on his direct number (listed on their website).

Initially, he tried to give me the same spiel as the guy that called me earlier, but when I told him that he should have had an inspection done before I left and that all sales were final and AS-IS as there was no other agreement in place, he immediately changed his tone.

At that point, he told me "they only intended to ask for my assistance in approving warranty repairs if needed" and "they never intended to try and cancel the transaction" despite both him and his salesman trying to do so.

I told him I wanted a canceled copy of both checks in the transaction, a copy of their evaluation of the vehicle, and a formal apology from their dealership in the mail. He agreed, and they did indeed send a letter with all the requested information (except the apology, but I'm not going to call them back up). They have also since paid off the remainder of my original loan as agreed upon and they've had the title reissued properly.

I do not know what repairs were actually needed or done on the car, only that the dealership that serviced the car (which is different from the one I sold it to) listed "engine checked" and "multi-point inspection" to the CarFax.

Thank you /r/legaladvice for the suggestions and help!
In Chicago.

I missed a small claims hearing because I got shot on the way there, and I have medical records to show it. Default judgement was entered against me. Is there anything I can do?
My son is 15.

Today I received a phone call from the school, telling me that they are doing an investigation into a series of very serious incidents that happened last year and they would like to have the password for my son's Facebook account, also asking me to disable two-step verification if his account has it. They also said it would really be a great help if I hand over any phones, tablets or computers that my son has had access to in the last year, removing any passcode or login restriction.

I was shocked about hearing this. I asked about the incident and I was told that they can't tell me since it doesn't directly concern my son, that they only seek this to see if there has been any mention of it in the communications that my son has had with his friends which might help them uncover some information.

I declined. Told them that I'm happy to talk to them about the incident in person if it concerns my son but other than that this is very unreasonable and really none of our business. I was told something along the lines of "I strongly recommend you to help us. This is a very serious issue for a few other students and to be honest with you refusal will have some consequences, I'm mostly talking about your son's future at the school in the coming school year and but also potentially legally. I really hope you cooperate for all our sake."

I told her to send us what they want in writing. She said that she hopes we're not trying to make this difficult as "lives are on the line here", I insisted that I want it for my records. She said they might do that.

So my question is... WTF? They can't be serious about this. My instinct is to get a lawyer if we received anything in writing but really what I'm wondering about is how far can they go in this so-called "investigation"? Let's say when school starts, my son takes a phone or iPad to school? Can they confiscate and look through it? Can they force him to reveal the passcode to it or force him to use his fingerprint to unlock? How do I make sure they can't just invade our privacy like that?
My husband and I live in a 19-story rental building in Manhattan, NYC that is very new - we’re the first tenants to live in our unit, which is on one of the upper floors.

It is a relatively small building with ~7 units per floor, with two elevators serving everyone. One of these elevators has been broken for the past two weeks. The management keeps claiming that a necessary part for the repair is coming “in a week.” While it’s slightly annoying to wait longer for the elevator, it’s been fine. 

However, the other elevator is now malfunctioning. Last night, management shut down this elevator too. People coming home had to walk up to 19 floors to their units. It’s running again today, but the maintenance team expects that it’ll be down again, and they’re not sure for how long.

This wouldn’t be the end of the world except that (1) I am pregnant and (2) we have an old dog who can’t make it up all of those flights of stairs. If both elevators are shut down for any amount of time, we are going to take our dog to doggie daycare, and we might look into an Airbnb, neither of which are cheap in NYC.

If this happens, do we have any legal recourse to ask for a rent reduction or other financial compensation? I know NYC requires that all newish buildings over 5-6 stories have a working elevator, but I’m not sure how it works if the elevator breaks and the management claims (accurately or not) that they’re doing everything in their power to fix it. Thanks!




Hi guys, my father suffered an aneurysm in his vehicle in the parking lot of a major national chain gym, he has since passed as a result.

Here’s where I need advice. My mother (divorced) noticed he was missing on a Monday and tried to track him down since this was very unlike him to vanish.

On that Wednesday she called his gym asking if he had been in (he had) and if his car was in the parking lot. They told her that it was not, that no cars had been there overnight.

Several days elapse, it’s now Friday, and she finds his vehicle at the gym where it had been since Monday. He’s in the vehicle and has been the whole week, this is in Minnesota and this time of year it’s obviously very cold so on top of the neurological damage he’s suffered from frostbite to extremities and damage to his eyes and organs.

He spent time in a coma before we ultimately pulled the plug and he passed. This has all happened in the past 2 weeks.

So this is where I need advice, do I have a case against this gym? I’m hungry for blood and I don’t know what might have happened if we had found him when the gym was contacted. Instead he spent more time in sub-freezing conditions outside of their facility and we’ll never know if he could have recovered.

Throwaway since this is pretty revealing, the aneurysm happened in MN, I am in NC.
I really appreciate all the advice and personal stories shared with me last week. This is my first experience dealing with my son’s allergy in school so I clearly had/have a lot to learn. 

I was able to get a letter from the pediatrician stating that the EpiPen must be kept in the classroom. The teacher now has it stored in a high cabinet, along with a written emergency action plan that details how and when to administer it. I provided her with a clear plastic case with a child resistant cap that I ordered from Amazon and was made for precisely this purpose. The teacher and the classroom aide were trained by the school nurse in how to use it. I also made certain that written instructions would be provided to any substitute teacher or alternate caregiver my son may be left with. 

We have a rotating schedule where parents take turns providing snacks for the entire class. The teacher has asked that these snacks all be peanut free. Neither myself or the teacher have asked that the other students make their individual lunches peanut free; I simply requested that my son be seated away from anyone eating food containing peanuts. Since each little table only seats 4 kids, this has been easy to implement. 

I also provided a second EpiPen, a bottle of liquid Benadryl and a copy of the emergency plan to the front office. I also confirmed that multiple adults at the school have access to the medications locked in the office and are trained to administer them if necessary. 

Most of the advice I received on my original post was very supportive and helpful. However I was baffled by the amount of judgement and criticism I received from the rest of the comments. For those of you who suggested that my son doesn’t have the right to be enrolled in school, I hope you never have a loved one with an allergy, a disability or a learning difference. For those of you who thought I was advocating for my THREE YEAR OLD to inject himself, I recommend that you brush up on your reading comprehension skills. For those of you that thought I was being reckless by putting the EpiPen in his backpack...maybe you had a point. Its true that I never considered another child would get ahold of it or that my son would lose it. I took your words to heart and found a solution we can all live with.

Now let’s just hope we never need to use it.....

(Florida)
Original Post: [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7kh7qm/la\_daughter\_was\_sexually\_assaulted\_at\_school/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7kh7qm/la_daughter_was_sexually_assaulted_at_school/)

TLDR: Daughter was assaulted at school, we followed the thread advice, and let the school handle it. 

Today was the first day of the new school year. Last year, the young man that attacked my daughter was removed from the school and did not return. This year, he was back on campus, and not only that, was in a class with her. He immediately was removed from the room when my daughter arrived. But the fact that he was back in the school upset her enough that we had to check her out of school and bring her home. 

We asked the director of high schools at the school board office what options we had - he said he didn't want to let her transfer because 'she wanted to be there and didn't want to punish her' and asked us to keep her out of school until he could investigate. 

She's feeling a major violation of trust and no longer safe at her school. My husband is using his PTO time to try to get her taken care of, but it seems that a transfer is out of the question. The school let us down in her protection. 

What do I do now? 
This one is a little morally complicated. There’s a girl I know that just started an internship at her local hospital near her college. We went to school together from middle school to high school, the entire time I knew her she was a bully. With that being said, I don’t want to turn her in just because of that reason. Today she posted a Snapchat on her story. It was picture of one of the patient’s charts. She did a really shitty job of marking out patient info but you can still clearly see some of the information. I know that violates HIPAA and honestly it makes me super uncomfortable to know that someone who would do that wants to become a doctor. Especially since she did it because she was making fun of the patient. I’m at a moral crossroads because I want to turn her in because she’s a shitty person, not just for patient safety. Should I turn her in and if I did, what would be the consequences of what would happen to her? 

EDIT: This is in North Carolina, United States 

EDIT II: First of all, thank you so much to everyone for the advice. Mostly all of it has been sound, I have decided that I’m going to move forward with submitting this to the right people. She put it on her story and it is still up, I have taken a screenshot without her knowing. There’s a way you can screenshot snapchats without alerting the person that you have done so. I’m going to have to do a little digging to find out what hospital she’s at, I do know the college she attends though and I will be contacting the college as well. Any more advice is still welcome, again thank you so much for all of the help! 

EDIT III: Sorry for all the edits guys but I just wanted to give a quick update and also some more insight. First of all, the girl and I have no kind of relationship. We are not friends. Second of all, my moral dilemma is that reporting her will definitely impact her career in some kind of way. I know it is her fault but it will become my burden as well knowing I may have just ruined someone’s life. Third, the Snapchat that she put up gave the patient’s age, what procedure was done, and questions that the patient asked about post surgery. Also to give a little hindsight about what kind of person she is, the patient has cancer. She tried to mark out the surgeon’s name but it was such a bad job that I was able to find the surgeon and where she works at searching only once. At this point the advice I am asking for now is what department should I ask for whenever I call the hospital and the college since I now have the hospital she is interning at. Thanks again for all of the help!
So this guy is not actually a client, just very good friend whoI have been helping over the years try to find his parents in my spare time. 

This is important. 

He is white, and his wife is black. 

In my investigation I learned that the baby was put up for infant adoption by his bio parents. Over the years I was able to track down the information. I will not say how and everyone will probably understand why soon. 

The medical records list the parents by first name only, but that gave me a starting point. It took a few years but I learned the name of his dad and it scared the hell out of me. I confirmed it a month ago, his dad is the same dad as his wife. 

I quickly buried everything I had and have not told him or his wife yet. I then tried to find out how a marriage license was issued as I know they check adoption records to avoid this very thing, but quickly found out the answer. A county clerk got lazy when she saw the mixed race couple and did not do her due diligence. This was a cheap JP wedding with a license issued in just a few days back in the early 2000s. I can understand why this happened as most people would not believe a white man and a black woman are brother and sister. Well half b/s anyways. 

I know that I probably have a obligation to tell them. I know the father as well and have been avoiding him recently. I am concerned about the legal ramifications in all of this. Obviously the marriage would be annulled, but what about their 2 kids? They have a 17 year old boy and a 14 year old girl. 

This is going to ruin the lives of 5 people here, possibly more. 

Moral obligations aside, do I have a legal requirement to report this? He was never a paid client so I have no contractual obligations to him. 

Basically I am just wondering how and where to proceed, or even if to proceed. 

EDIT: No I will not offer my services to anyone here through here. I will not tell you the name of a good PI, we do not hang out together, and I will not tell you how to do my job. 

EDIT2:Going to tell them tonight. Their kids have after school activities till 7 so I can get the dad over there too. 
This morning I woke up to yelling in my house. I heard “sheriffs department!” At first I thought it was my Dad pranking me because when he comes over he always knocks like how cops knock. Anyways I was butt ass naked. I yelled back “shut up dad!” because remember, I was sound asleep and to me that was the first plausible explanation that came to mind when I heard that. I wrapped myself in my blanket and walk out to a deputy or whatever with his gun out. Where we live it is pretty quiet and we don’t have many neighbors so sometimes when my husband leaves for work in the morning he won’t lock it. I’m cool with that, I know tons of people who live around these parts who don’t lock their doors either. Anyways he gets to asking me who is in the house, who lives here, what’s their names, where are they etc etc. i was half asleep, naked, and scared, so I just answered immediately and honestly. After this little interrogation he then proceeds to tell me that they are looking for someone involved in a domestic dispute a few houses down. He said someone told them our house is an abandoned camp. It used to be a camp in the past, but we have been here since January, and I am outside for hours every single day in my garden. There are baby toys, a trash can that has to be paid for, etc etc outside. I’m not buying it..


He then scolds me saying “you should really lock your doors ma’am.” As if it was my fault he was in my house with a gun out. So, the domestic neighbor thing... I have one neighbor directly across the highway from me. I know these people, it wasn’t them. I have about three neighbors on the same side of the highway as me, but still across the street.. whatever this dispute was it had to have happened almost if not more than a mile away. When I filed a complaint later they would not tell me where exactly this happened. They told me that I should be happy that this officer trespassed in my house because if I had been being held hostage they would have saved me. I asked if he was armed and they said that they didn’t know but just assumed he was. They never cleared the house though. If they were so concerned I think that they would have made sure that there wasn’t someone else like my son in the house being held hostage, and that maybe I was being forced to say that I was alone.. They are saying that they assumed the worst but did not act like it.


So here’s the icing on the cake. They claimed they knocked and nobody responded so they felt they needed to come in. Problem is, I have an incredibly loud dog that alerts me to the slightest sound. She never barked until they started yelling. I also have a baby monitor webcam recording constantly that recorded all of the audio. They never knocked.
On mobile so sorry for the shit formatting. What are my rights here? I have filed a complaint but the lieutenant that took the complaint seemed really annoyed with me.
State of Georgia.

She is my half biological sister through our biological father, but she has been adopted by her biological mother's husband. So her parents are not my parents. 

Two years ago when my sister was 15 I discovered that she was sleeping with a girl, I kept this a secret knowing that her parents will not be supportive and offered her and her girlfriend to meet and hang out at my place to make sure they're not discovered.

But now 2 years later the secret is out and her parents have discovered that I've known for 2 years and covered for her, so they're convinced that if they had intervened sooner (like when she was 15) they could have "cured" her more easily and they'd have more time with her under their guardianship (sister is now 17 years and 10 months old) to put her through "treatment" for being gay.

My sister told me that her parents are seeing a lawyer to sue me for all the distress that my sister being gay has caused them.

At this time is there anything for me to worry about? 
[Original post.](https://np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5rcjap/neighbor_installed_road_over_my_property/)

Short update.

The neighbor had an accident on his property and will no longer be an issue.

His heir and I settled out of court.

The county is still figuring out how much the fines will be, but they will be quite sizable, and part of the settlement was the agreement that the neighbors estate will cover all fines due to the work.

NOTE: Mistakenly posted this in Off Topic first, sorry, guys.
Posting anonymously because I think I know the answer but feel like an idiot asking anyway. I hope I describe this clearly.

My parents split when I was very young and had shared custody about 50/50 at the time. My mother ran off with me to Canada not long after but cancer took her when I was 15. I was taken back to my father and was always told because I was away from him for eight years but he had 50/50 custody then I had to repay that time debt for four years after I turned eighteen. I took it as just how things are.

There was a letter from dad's lawyer that I haven't been able to find that I had when I came back to him pointing out I would be a minor until after I turned 22 and a few months. I'm not allowed to leave home much except to work, dad gets all of my money to support me, I'm not allowed to see guys, I'm not allowed a car, and it seems really unfair to me, and nobody else my age is in this situation. Does any of this seem legally real? The more people I talk to the more it seems my dad has me under a big con but I'd like to know for sure. I know it might be trying to prove a negative but is there a link to a law I could use to show for sure either way?

**Edit. thank you, I'm convinced. genericusername4197's link and terms especially.**
There is a lot to unpack here so please bear with me!

A few months ago, a Pro-Life group came to speak to my 15 yr old's public school sex ed class. This is just SOME of what we dealt with:

A sticker for when girls are "in crisis". It's for a NO ABORTION UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES clinic that makes it REALLY DIFFICULT to learn they are a no abortion ever clinic.

A brochure about STD'S that explains how INEFFECTIVE CONDOMS ARE AND HOW THEY DON'T REALLY WORK. 

A "magazine" that not only equates rape by incest w/regretting a consenting encounter, uses terms like "pure", "clean" and, I shit you not, "lust of the beast", it also gives FALSE medical information, does a bunch of victim shaming, and don't forget the obligatory "if you masturbate, you won't be able to love your spouse and kids". 

Gave the girls post-its to put on and off their bodies to show how everytime you have sex, you are less able to love your husband and kids.

Showed a slide show of famous people and told the class to imagine how different the world would be if their moms had abortions.

A straight up BIBLE QUOTE on a separate piece of RED paper

I called the school. I was told MULTIPLE TIMES by the assistant principal and Assistant Superintendent the following:

I am the 1st parent in 15 years to complain about this group.

They don't know who approved them 15 years ago. They don't know whether or not the group is reviewed for approval at all anymore.

It's not "up to them" to read everything that is given to the children in their school district from outside groups.

They "don't have the time to review the medical info given to the kids from outside groups". In fact, and I QUOTE "we don't have the time to look at every piece of paper that is given to the students". 

Not a SINGLE, SOLITARY ADMIN OR PRINCIPAL HAD EVER READ THE INFO

They do have a comprehensive sex ed program. I'll admit that. When I asked why that group specifically was brought in, they said to show the "many sides" of the issue. I asked for a list of any and all groups brought to the sex ed class this year. The pro-choice group is it and has been for years.

 I asked if they could bring a medical doctor from a woman's clinic to, at the very least, give the "other side" a chance to explain that condoms work and there is no chemical that is released when a man masturbates to make them love their children less (no shit on that either. it said that...ALOT). They said no. (note: they said they often bring groups in other classes to show "other sides". I asked what classes/groups/sides, etc. i got no current example but I was told it would be similar to bringing in a WW2 Japanese soldier to talk abt the war. I explained that the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor and committed mass atrocities during the war. I asked if they would bring in a German Soldier for WW2 to explain "their side" and he said i was being ridiculous!) 

I asked if I could be present the following day when they returned to the class. I was told no.

I asked if my daughter could record the group in her class. I was told no.

I was told it's not their job to make sure the medical information given to the kids in health class is medically accurate and it's up to the parents to decide "what to believe". Cause that's how facts work, i guess.

After WEEKS and threatening legal action, they finally said the group won't return "to the school" (they didn't say district), that they reported the guest who gave the religious quotes (but didn't tell me who they were reported to), and that it was done.

This group goes to 14 school districts in my area-MIDDLE AND HIGH SCHOOL. There is SO MUCH MORE to this but, for time, I just brought out a few examples. 

What can I do to protect other kids from this group? Do I have any legal standing to fight them and, if so, WHO DO TAKE ACTION AGAINST? The school for not caring about what the kids see? The group for breaking the law? The school board? The state edu dept? 

What do i do?

Edit:
I am looking to take is to see if they violated state or federal law.

I support ALL sex education as long as it's presented in a factual and accurate manner.

They go to 14 school districts telling kids this stuff. 
A week ago I brought a dish to a potluck. Dish wasn't actually made by me. I bought it that morning at grocery store. It was a turkey salad. Expiration date not for a few days. Put it in the office fridge until the noon potluck that day. There were about 15 other dishes there. I don't know which ones she ate and which ones she didn't. The potluck lasted about an hour. The turkey salad was out about probably an hour and 5/10 minutes give or take. It was put in the fridge during clean up. 

No one else that I know complained to me about being sick. 

She apparently got sick soon after the potluck and went home. She is two or three months pregnant. She had a miscarriage. 

The turkey salad is old by now probably but it is still in the office fridge.

She thinks my turkey salad caused her illness because her doctor said she might have food poisoning. Her friend that works with her came and got the turkey salad for "testing". It has been a week. I mean it is probably going to be worse now that when it was fresher. But I don't know food science. 

Her friend mentioned me paying for the doctor bill. 

She sent me a text saying I should be careful what I serve. Like no one else got sick, I don't know. 

Am I responsible here? Do I go to HR? Get a lawyer? Do people usually get sued over this sort of thing? 


I’m in my early 30s. My father and I have been zero contact since I was about 20. When I was in my late teens he got cancer, I was tested and found to be a close match to him, as was my aunt. She donated. 

My aunt has since passed away and apparently the cancer is back because I received a call out of the blue from my stepmother demanding I donate. I wouldn’t if I could, and I can’t right now for medical reasons regardless. She has stated that they will “make me” and “have me put in prison” if I don’t, or have my kids taken away. Is she right? Can I be prosecuted for refusing to give my bone marrow? 
Last week I asked my husband for a divorce. He countered by announcing that we were never actually married in the first place. We were married in 2007 by his family priest, who is a close friend of his mother's. I never questioned the credentials of the priest because why would I? 

Turns out that the priest was fully defrocked shortly before our marriage, for reasons no one will share with me. My husband says that at the time he was appealing the loss of his priesthood, but "it didn't stick". He (my husband) seems to have known the whole time that our marriage wasn't legal, looking at it as a potential out just in case, but he won't confirm this either way (I'm guessing if he did know it was some kind of fraud). My mother in law tearfully confirmed the situation, saying she didn't think it was a big deal at the time because she assumed the appeal would go through. I don't have any reason to doubt her about any of this. 

My husband is now saying that because we aren't really married, I don't have any equity in our house or rights to our things. Worst of all, since he insisted on getting paternity tests on our kids (7 &amp; 4) as infants, HE has parental rights, but not me, since there isn't any proof that I'm their mom. Obviously I'm on their birth certificate but he says that doesn't mean anything because he has DNA proof and I don't. I don't *really* believe this, but I know that unmarried parents don't necessarily have rights without going through the courts so I wanted to check. 

My husband says that he's consulted with a lawyer and that this is just like a "regular breakup". He's given me 30 days notice to leave our house since he owned it outright before our "marriage"/union/whatever. Obviously I have an appointment with my own attorney on Friday, but my head is going to be going a million miles an hour till then so I guess I'm just looking for some...info? Confirmation of his bluffs? Anything would be appreciated.

Tl;dr: Priest who "married" my husband and me was defrocked before our ceremony and didn't legally marry us. Husband says this means I have no rights to our property or kids. Looking for more information. 
Studio attached to main house. My landlady lives in terror of her meth-addict son, and lies to the police to cover for him. Sick situation. He came back to live with his mom, decided he wanted my apartment, tried bullying me out. Attacked me twice. Gaslighting me, terrorizing me for months. I got an assault charge finally and order of protection is going through this weekend. Mother's Day he came into my apartment with his mom's key, held me down, threatened my life, pushed me out. I came back a day later to my entire apartment packed up. Meth heads love menial tasks. All doors off hinges, including main door.

Cops come. He speaks for his mom, says 'Officer, he helped us pack.' Yeah, right.

I'm getting my stuff and just moving. This is too crazy to deal with. Not even going to fight it anymore. I did nothing wrong, he'll get my apartment, his mom will lose the rent she was making from me. Good riddance. It's a gorgeous, cheap studio, but not worth this level of insanity.

I know this guy is a thief. He bragged to me about how he steals a couple of times. I just know he'll have taken some of my things. I'm sure he'll have taken my nicest things, like my really nice-quality American flag, my box of old camcorder tapes I made growing up, my camera. I just know it. I'm terrified to be there so I just looked in the fridge and he had taken all my more expensive frozen foods, and my nice lamp was in his garage. My mini fridge is gone.

The cop said it was a he said she said. He doesn't know if I helped them pack or not. But another cop in the dept. knows this guy is crazy. And he's the one who took my assault complaint after I showed him an audio recording of this guy in one of his psychopathic rants.

Once I figure out what's missing--whether it's something expensive or something priceless for sentimental reasons, like 40 camcorder tapes full of footage... what do I do?

The cop who was there, who didn't know the situation, said "this is a civil matter" and told me "Hey man, my ex wife threw out all my stuff one day, and it sucks, but it happens." I handled it well, didn't call him a fucking idiot, just said "Ok," and left with my lamp.

What do I do here?
Here's an update from my [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/88zvrf/help_animals_were_killed_by_neighbors_wolf_dog).

We had lost various animals to our neighbor's wolf dog. One of our sheep had survived the attack and we had taken her to the vet since our neighbor had agreed to cover the costs. She had also agreed to replace the other animals we had lost to her dog. The vet costs were more than our neighbor had bargained for an she decided she had done enough. 

So as suggested, I went ahead and sent a demand letter against my neighbor for the animals that her wolf dog had killed. I recounted our version of the events and asked to be compensated for the animals we had lost. I sent it on 4/6/18 and never heard back from her. On 5/21/18, I went ahead and filed a small claims against her. When I went to file, I had my demand letter and proof that she had signed for it with me. The clerk (who later turned out to be the county's Justice of the Peace) told me that she did not need those documents, only my form for the suit. That I would have to bring those copies in when a court date was set. At some point my neighbor was served. On 6/6/18 I received a notarized letter from her where she stated her side of the story and said she did not feel she owed us anything, since she had paid for the vet bill and her dog had been killed. She went on to put the blame on the fact that we lived in a rural are. And she tried to pass the blame on other dog's in the area that would roam with her dog. 

Now, I'm aware that I live in a rural area. But we haven't lost any more animals since her dog was killed. Our animals aren't constantly being chased by her dog. As for the other dogs she refernced, they no longer come into our property. Either way, we looked forward to pleading our case. 

On 6/15/18, I received the court letter with our court date. On 6/22/18, I received a call from the Justice of the Peace's office, the clerked advised me that I needed to bring in a copy of the vet bill. This threw me for a loop since I had not mentioned a vet bill in my suit and I was not allowed to leave a copy of my demand letter. Either way, I made copies of everything I had. Including screenshots from a video, where their wolf dog refused to leave the sheep carcass on our property. 

I had court yesterday, and I lost. 

While we waited for our trial to begin, she was catching up with the constable that was assigned to our case. While it is a small town, it made me feel uneasy that she was obviously friends with him. Our trial was in a small court room, my witnesses were not allowed inside until they were asked to tell their version of events. She was allowed to bring in her husband. He was allowed to question me and he blamed me for not telling him sooner. He was rude and arrogant. Their whole strategy was that I should have told them about their dog being a problem. The problem was mine. She also accused me of fabricating my story since for some reason the police report noted that we had lost 80 chickens when we had really lost 8. I simply stated that it was possible it was a typo, the whole report had errors. When she did this, I pointed out how her story had changed from the notarized letter she sent me. In the letter she stated that she had seen her dogs and other dogs eating something on our property but she drove on. When she got back from the doctor, she saw that there was a dead animal and she decided to come see what had happened. In court, she said that she stopped by as soon as she had see her dog attacking our sheep. What actually happened, she didn't stop by til she saw a deputy at our house. 

During the trial, she brought up that our dogs pee on our property and had photos of them on her property. I'm not sure how that was relevant but the judge took it as evidence. I'm not justifying that our dogs be allowed on her property. That's something I aim to fix but her property isn't even fenced off. So I'm confused at how this was relevant. Additionally, at one point her husband argued with me that I was probably just seeing a coyote on our property and that I had simply confused it with their dog. I confused a coyote with a white husky like dog wearing a red collar. 

The judge favored with my neighbors. She stated that I had no other proof that their dog was responsible for our other animals. That she had paid enough with the vet bill and that in the future I should try to notify my neighbors of what their dogs are doing. I needed to have photos ready of every single time I saw that dog on our property. 

I was floored. I felt like my case was built around their testimony. Am I wrong in feeling this way?

I appreciate all the help y'all provided. Unfortunately, it didn't bring me the resolution I had hoped for, I've lost faith in East Texas Courts.
So my mom and I have been having a pretty serious feud for the past 10 months or so. At one point she decided to start charging me $600 rent every month to live under her roof. She says it also covers medications, health insurance, food (though sometimes she refuses to let me eat), and she also claims that it is compensation for her having to live with me. Also, my health insurance is about to get more expensive, so she'll raise my rent by $100.

Is it legal for her to do this to me? I'm still a minor, and since I'm in school, I have to find a way to get my schoolwork done while working enough hours to pay for the rent.

Should I try to find a new place to live with a lower rent (and yes, I am aware that anything that cheap will be pretty low in quality) and then get emancipated, or should I just wait and see what happens? My dad doesn't want to interfere, but he's told me that he doesn't think she's spending my money. If I wait until I turn 18, she might give me my money back as 'seed money.' If I get emancipated, I'm afraid she'll keep all of the money because she feels that I don't deserve it.

If anyone has any suggestions, please let me know, and fast. I'm almost out of money.

I am 17 years old and I am located in Adam's County, Colorado.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: Thank you guys so much for your support. I had no idea that my situation was this bad, but the number of people who have expressed concern for me has shown me otherwise.
So my neighbor decided to throw up some nice floodlights pointed over his fence right at our bedroom window right after his court date.  In that time we have sold the home and moved to an apartment in transition to our new destination, far far away.

He turned on the floodlights every night at 10pm and they would clearly shine through the bedroom window even with the black out film, and really shone through our guest bedroom where my mom stayed for a week to visit. Police came out and took pics and drove by several nights to confirm they were still up.  Part of his plea deal is to not commit "similar incidences" and further harass us. This comes into play later.

I called the police and they ended up serving me papers saying I was required to be a witness in court.  Court day came, they were asking for jail time, and my neighbor's attorney asked for a continuance because he didn't have time to review the new info.

They granted it.

Second week comes around, we rescheduled for a special hearing with a pro tem judge.  Mistake.

Today was the hearing and the second time we all had to take off work to show up.  The judge immediately told the city prosecutor since she didn't have a formal briefing, that he was not familiar with the case and that it would not be heard today.  Typically the judge who does hear the city's cases is well informed and the prosecutor objected to this saying it is not a requirement, you knew what was on the docket today. The judge further mentioned that because specific charges were not filed and they were just asking for jail time given back onto the jail time they waived at the previous hearing, he wasn't interested in doing this today.  He read the plea deal and said that "similar incidences" is too vague, and should be thrown out and he didn't know how shining lights on our property was similar to whatever he got in trouble for in the first place. Then he mentioned he had court in Seattle in two hours and wasn't interested in hearing my testimony today.  Also, since we will be gone by October, he didn't see the issue in why we were even there - since we moved, we can't be harassed anymore so problem solved.

I broke down in tears of sheer frustration.  The prosecutor said I don't have to be a witness anymore and they would talk to the usual judge in the case.  And to keep in touch with her. When my neighbor walked out, he did a very dramatic prayer hands in the air, like he knew he won.  I give up again. We're leaving, it's over, I will never get my day in court. I will never know what I did to this man to make him harass me so deeply.  I will never get two years of my life back.

&amp;#x200B;

Edit: The only good thing out of this is the police report that we got after they raided his home last summer. Dude's a weirdo sexual deviant even in the eyes of a very liberal and accepting Washingtonian.

​

​
Location: Ontario, Canada

I work at a company that happens to employ a lot of transgender people. I am born male, I dress masculine, and go by he/him. Yesterday at work I was working with a new woman (was told they are MtF, which is fine). Yesterday they asked me what my preferred pronouns are and I said he/him. They then proceeded to whisper to me something along the lines of "you pass very well as a man!". It sounded like a compliment  but it made me really uncomfortable. I told them that I was actually born male and they just said "oh" and went back to what they were doing. If it ended here, it would have been fine, but later at lunch I was told by another one of our openly transgender coworkers that she had asked her if I was "embarrassed about my previous self". My coworker obviously said they vouched for me and said that I was born male and that it wasn't any of her business. She also told me asking about someone's "dead past" is incredibly rude and she doesn't know why she was doing it.

&amp;#x200B;

Assuming she keeps asking people about this, is this harassment? I don't want to sound insensitive because I'm sure trans people get this all the time, but I would really like it to stop if it escalates. Thank you.
Background: my sister (16 years old) told me that she is pregnant. I helped her get an abortion. She made the mistake of telling her friend about the abortion who in then told her parent who told our parents, who decided to punish my sister and me. I'm apparently in exile until further notice but I realized that my sister had disappeared.

Confronting parents resulted in them telling me it's none of my business and they know what they're doing with their daughter.

I'm highly suspecting she's been sent to some re-educational camp either in the country or outside the country. I did contact CFYD last week but I don't know what the status of their investigation is.

Is there something I can do here to find/help my sister? And is it legal for them to send her away like this?
Last Sunday, I checked my Amazon account and started browsing the seller forum, and found a thread about a website that was stealing listings and from Handmade on Amazon sellers. I was curious and checked the website, and sure enough about 80 of my listings were there.

[Previous post here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7kdvic/mi_i_sell_handmade_items_on_amazon_and_etsy_a/)

I had no idea my post would get so much attention! Most of the advice was very helpful, some was a little misguided, and only very little was unhelpful (to the guy who pm'd me because you're not allowed to comment on this sub, there's a reason for that).

The first thing I discovered that was incredibly frustrating, Amazon sellers are NOT allowed to watermark our photos! I am looking into workarounds, like printing out my logo on a card to photograph with the product.

To clarify a few things quickly: 
- I am not raising my prices to match the drop-shipper, it's not fair to my true customers and in all honesty a plastic bracelet is not worth $20 in my eyes. 
- I know that drop-shipping is legal, that wasn't the issue at all. The problem was they were using my photos and listings without my permission, some of which were outdated photos and didn't represent the items correctly anymore (mostly due to color changes, different materials, ect). This resulted in several returns that I have to pay the shipping on, and can't collect a restocking fee on. 
- When they make the order from my shop, they are creating a temporary account for their buyer. All I got was their username, which matched the shipping address. No easy way for me to determine if they were a direct customer. 
- I do include a business card with every package. I am also going to start including invoices, it takes an extra step to do but it's not something I should have been skipping. Etsy prints them for me automatically, so I was just being lazy.

I did contact their "support team" and got a generic message back. With the team of Amazon sellers I was working with, we all submitted DMCA takedown requests on Shopify, and it was resolved within a day. The website has been shut down, and we are much more familiar with how to take care of this in the future. I'm setting up a Facebook group for the sellers later so we can communicate easily with each other as well. I'm also registered on Pixsy now, which may help in the future if someone is using my photos for their own profit again.

In the meantime, I am taking a well deserved break. There are still a few orders trickling in, but I will tackle those after Christmas. I am sold out of ornaments and candles, and have had several good reviews popping up on Amazon which makes me feel great!

I'm really grateful to everyone that helped!
[Oregon] To start, my ex-roommate was insane. We'll call her Insane Jane. She was a casual acquaintance who had a room open up in her two-bedroom apartment, and I signed onto the lease in November 2017 and we split the rent 50-50. It took weeks before problems began occurring and common spaces became incredibly uncomfortable. I moved my TV from the living room to my bedroom because of this, which then inspired Jane to empty the kitchen and move all the pots/pans, silverware, plates, mugs, cooking utensils, etc. into her bedroom and install a door lock in retaliation (she literally texted, "if you can move your things into the bedroom, so can I"). I should've bolted then, but I'm stubborn and self-righteous as fuck, so I just bought replacements sets (served me well in my new apartment!) and hunkered down for a long war. 

Subsequent battles included Jane throwing out my food, rearranging the common space furniture to separate our respective possessions on opposite sides of the room (super creepy to come home to), leaving her music on blast in her locked room before leaving the house on the weekend, trying to move in her next roommate into the living room (on my couch) before I had moved out - standard insane Jane shit. In late November I developed a rash that I assumed was from the stress of my living situation and didn't pay much attention to it... until it became a problem.

The rash first was on my arms and chest but soon spread to my entire body; back, stomach, lower legs, forearms, and head, but not my face or genitals. It consisted of red bumps that didn't itch but flaked off, resembling psoriasis. One day in late December, my coworker - a nurse - noticed the bumps and asked me what had happened. I work at a community health clinic, so I don't know why it didn't occur to me earlier to ask my coworkers for an assessment.

They were stumped; MDs, NPs, and RNs alike. Anyone with a medical licensure was trying to figure out what the hell was going on with my body, but the consensus was that they *could* be chicken pox and I was sent home. I was told I couldn't return to work until I was deemed non-contagious by my primary care provider.

My PCP couldn't figure it out either and referred me to a dermatologist. He said it looked like Christmas Tree rash (I now know that that's a thing) or psoriasis, but wasn't certain, so he ordered a biopsy. The biopsy results indicated "favored psoriasis", so we chalked it up to stress and I was prescribed topical medication. This was mid-January. I moved out of my apartment February 15th to a one-bedroom in the same complex; some people saw the move strange, but it actually made the transition ridiculously easy and happens to be the cheapest one-bedroom that could exist in Portland (karma's a bitch, insane Jane!).

The landlord had already divulged to me that I was Jane's sixth roommate in two years, and that I wasn't the first to report problems, and while she agrees that Jane is a horrible human, she hasn't done anything to prompt eviction. Then, last week, Jane's new roommate knocked on my door to apologize for treating me so poorly and let me know that she was moving out as well due to the previously mentioned abhorrent behavior. She also let me know that Jane had bragged about putting feces, Nair, and other contaminants in my shampoo, as well as glass cleaner in my contact solution. My rash had resolved itself in early March.

I've tried my best to move on from the ordeal, but come on: that's fucked up. Like, what the fuck, Jane. My self-righteousness has returned and I feel like she should suffer some ramifications for her actions. I know the evidence is completely circumstantial, but if I have two individuals (Jane's current roommate and her coworker, who reached out to me on Facebook to corroborate) who will attest to what she did, medical records that suggest that it may have affected my health, and employment documents showing that I couldn't work - is there anything I can do to win the final battle? Isn't this legally considered assault? Could I present this evidence to my sympathetic landlord to at least warrant Jane's eviction? 

Jane. Must. Burn.
Context: So I️ had broken up with an ex-boyfriend in 2015. I️ moved on into a new relationship and he did as well, however apparently he never deleted old nude photos of me from his phone. I️ have never met his new girlfriend and we have never had any drama or issues before. However in March 2016 I️ randomly received a notification on Twitter that she posted several of the photos on her personal account, tagged me in them and proceeded to label me as a “slut” in the posts. She never apologized and had no remorse when I️ asked her why she did that to me when the photos were old and I️ stopped all communication with my ex-boyfriend. Right after I️ filed a police report but nothing ever came of it and the police did not seem to take me seriously. My ex-boyfriend blocked my phone number when I️ tried to communicate with him and he said that “I️ deserved that and her Twitter was ‘hacked’”. I️t has now been over a year and there isn’t a day that goes by where I️ don’t think of the humiliation and the traumatizing feelings and depression I️ have felt because of this. I️ decided to just let it go and move on but I️ can’t stop thinking about it and I️ feel that they should pay for what they did to me. I’m at a loss as to whether I️ should hire a lawyer but I️ don’t know what grounds this issue would be under. Thanks.

Edit: I didn’t expect so much help from all of you but I really appreciate everyone that has commented!! It has really helped a lot and put things into perspective as to what I should do. Thank you so much again.

For those rude insensitive people PM’ing me calling me a “hoe, whiny b*tch” no I am not doing this for ANY money. Just for justice because I feel that they need to realize that what they did is wrong.
Original thread:
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7mglxj/nc_boyfriends_mom_threatening_to_call_the_cops/

6 months ago I asked for advice on my boyfriend's crazy mom threatening to call the cops on me/have me committed to rehab because of dry patchy skin on my inner elbows that apparently looked like track marks. You guys advised me that she didn't have the power to do anything to me legally, so that was a big relief. To take the pressure and scrutiny off our relationship, my boyfriend and I pretended to break up on social media and my boyfriend told his mom he had dumped me to focus on school. She was pleased, we were seemingly off the hook, and we were able to continue to date fairly easily (her being in another state) albeit somewhat secretively without risking her pulling his tuition out from under him.

I wanted to provide an update since things have come to a very sad and tragic conclusion that no one anticipated. My boyfriend's mom died from an accidental fall last weekend. She was an older woman—late 50's—but we didn't think she was particularly fragile and were both surprised by what sounded like a fairly short fall being fatal.

My boyfriend especially is dealing with some messy and complicated emotions. grieving both the mom he had and the mom he wish he had. I am doing my best to be supportive but I'm struggling a bit to be gutted by the death of someone who was only ever malicious towards me.

Apparently she had a considerable amount of money that she said in her will that she would be giving to her son, my boyfriend. I don't know all of the details yet because I didn't want to pry about finances at a time like this. But it's actually kind of awful because she never did find out we were still together, and I doubt she would have given my boyfriend the money if she knew. So even though I know it's horrible of her to be so manipulative with money I still kind of feel like scum. I am also worried that her will has conditions in it that will make my boyfriend jump through hoops to get anything from the estate, including something stipulating that he won't get anything if he's with me...which I honestly would not be surprised if that was in there, given what I know about her.

So...I don't really know what the future holds at the moment. It's still a shock that this has even happened.

tl;dr - My boyfriend had a crazy overbearing helicopter mom who threatened to have me locked up for nonexistent drug use. She has just died in an accident and I kind of feel terrible just for existing right now.
Hello legal redditors.

I need help. And I don't have a lot of hope. 

On Sunday afternoon, my wife suddenly passed away from congenital heart failure. She was 29. She has an 11 year old daughter. Her daughter's father and her were married a short bit but then divorced. 

With my wife's passing they said they wouldn't have me disappear, but that's not the message I've received from them. I've been texting my step daughter on the phone I pay for messages of love (" love you kiddo"), and last night I was told to stop texting her and I can have this phone back.

They had split custody, 50/50 with not really an amicable communication structure. 

In the state of Kentucky, are there any laws or guidances for the step parent? My wife had no will written out. Anything that might give me reason or hope to step foot in a courtroom? 

They're going to take my little girl away from me. The little girl I've helped raise since she was in diapers. I've just lost my wife, and I can't lose her too.
Yesterday I asked how to handle a suspected child abuse situation. I had nothing to go on but second-hand information about a text from my 8 year old nephew saying his dad beat him the night before but he said he didn't have bruises. My  nephew was afraid to tell the school because he was afraid what his father would do. 

After receiving advice here I called the state child safety hotline and filed a report. I didn't have enough information for them to submit it though. But then I got another family  member to call in. We also called the school and told them what was going on and (as the child hotline strongly suggested having a nurse look them over). 

We called the school multiple times as they didn't trust us and seemed uncertain as what to do. Finally though, someone at the school had the nurse look at him. They  found bruises and he had been kicked in the stomach. The school then called the child hotline too AND the police and my nephew was NOT sent back home.  I'm so thankful. Now we're trying to figure out how soon we can fly out and bring him home with us. 

I don't know the ins and outs but at least last night we knew he was safe. There had been rumours of intense spanking and beating going on for a while but because my nephew is out of state and has been so young we weren't sure what was actually going on and constantly encouraged him to report ANYTHING to their favorite teacher but he would always say there was no marks so he didn't think the teacher would believe him. 

We're so glad he was brave enough to text us and I'm even gladder this case didn't fall through the cracks. I'm sorry  my  nephew got bruises but those bruises kept him from getting sent back home.
Location: Washington (state). Do I have any recourse to recoup my losses? I have no job, no money in my bank account and my ribs won't heal for 4 to 6 weeks. I was walking past the park where it happened when I was arrested. Location data from my phone and camera footage from a camera across the street proves I never entered the park and didn't have a dog with me (because I don't own a dog). Thanks to anyone who reads.
My listed her home for sale two months ago. At that time one of her neighbors offered to buy it for $20k (her asking is 75). He says he plans to tear down the house itself to give him a large yard.  When she said no for a month he upped his offer to 25 and then 30k. 

She is not interested in selling it so low (it was appraised for 82). They got into an argument with him declaring that she's an idiot if she thinks her house will ever sell, she's lucky he's offering her as much as he is, etc.

However now he is being an intentional nuisance to keep it from selling.  The problem is, as far as I can see most of what he is doing is legal, like intentionally being extremely loud when he sees the realtor show up to show the house (but not breaking noise ordinance for that time of day, so legal).

But now he is being intentionally creepy and lying. He has been making a point to go over and introduce himself as soon as he sees the realtor showing the house, and the realtor reports he is blatantly hitting on women and men in disgusting ways, offering them the number for his security company because they'll definitely want something set up since there have been 4 break-ins on this block in the last month (police outright said that's not true to their knowledge).  He asked one lady if he could borrow money and very obviously hinted it was for drugs.

Mom has spoken with the police who say he's a crappy guy but not technically doing anything illegal and they don't believe she's a candidate for a restraining order.

I'm wondering if anyone here has any thoughts - if there's an option other than a restraining order or ANYTHING we can do.  Thank you.
Justice has prevailed. The police called me saying that they investigated and that they are concluding that the claim is bogus. They are dropping it completely. I'm so relieved. Now to commence picking up the pieces and getting power of attorney or guardianship or whatever so that this doesn't happen again.  Thanks to everyone for the support. It really helped during this really terrible time. 

[update] Mom tried calling me. I immediately pass the phone to my brother. Apparently, she wanted to come home. He tells her that it is not a good idea and that she can't just make an accusation like that and then proceed as if nothing happened afterwards. She didn't seem to get it and talked about the devil is trying to break up the family.
[Update #2] My mom called me again asking to come home or at least to bring her some of her stuff. I told her I can't talk to her and can't see her.

Original story is below:
So I've been taking care of my mom along with my dad for years. She has MS and her mental health has been tenuous for years. Talking to herself, and just questionable behavior in general but usually rather level headed. She once falsely accused a doctor of doing or saying something sexual during a procedure and since they're were like 5 people in the room during it. It was easily dismissed as well crazy talk. We continued to care for her at home. We attributed her extreme behavior to a thyroid condition/ the MS. I take her to specialists. She gets on medication for the thyroid and the MS brain... well I figured from what we read the confusion was apart of it but it's never been to the point where my dad and I didn't feel like we couldn't manage her.

Now fast forward to today. My dad is going through heart issues and has been hospitalized for days. Leading to today where apparently he tried to hurt himself and is now on psychiatrist hold in the hospital and won't be discharged today after all. I make the mistake of telling my Mom this. She seemed fine but like 2 hours later while I'm walking the dog. She calls the police. I come home to an officer outside of my front door asking to be let inside. I'm mentally like not again ( she had called the fire department like a year ago when my dad was again in the hospital about a non-existent fire) and I let him inside. My mom then proceeds to tell him that I raped her the night before. I'm like completely caught off guard. I tell the officer everything. They decide to take her to the hospital for evaluation. At this point, I'm just done. I really want nothing to do with her ever again. The feeling of betrayal is off the charts with me. She needs more help than I can offer. But now the police want my DNA.
[Edit:] I realize she's not well. My initial anger has abated and now sadness over just everything is my chief emotion.
What should I do? I'll give the DNA but should I get a lawyer? I don't have much money.
His Individual Support Plan allows for no alone time when in the community. My full 28hrs a week is community based. I work for four 1/2 hour stretches, four 4 hour stretches, one 3 hour stretch, and one 7 hour stretch. 


They told me that leaving him to use the bathroom - no matter the length of time - is neglect and they will report me and press charges against me for it. They told me that I can go before and after my shift starts and that they will not be providing me with back up of a person stepping in to care for him while I use the bathroom.

He is not an elopment or abduction risk. I have had this job for five years and I know my individual. He works 2 jobs and can handle being alone in a store or other public place while I use the bathroom. 

I work in Pennsylvania.
I was driving through my neighborhood when a 7 year old boy was standing at the end of his driveway and threw a rock (I know you are thinking pebble but it was the size of a grapefruit) at my car and damaged one of my rims. The boy was not being supervised and both parents were inside at the time occurrence. I stopped and asked the boy to go inside and get his father and when the father came out he said ‘he’s 7, what do you expect?’ At this time I️ asked if he would be covering damages and he said ‘no I should not be held responsible for this’. After this answer I was infuriated and called the police and the police proceeded with a police report and told the father it was his responsibility to get fixed. In short - I sent the father the estimate for the rim and it would need to be replaced ($687.00). I received a letter back from an attorney telling me to stop harassing his client - let me say his ‘client’ was the 7 year old, not the father (which sending the letter of an estimate was the first contact I️ had since the accident) and that he would not be paying for damages. What are the next steps/would this be worth taking to small claims?
First, [here's my original post.](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/3x7p30/florida_realtors_have_shown_up_on_my_property/)

And second, [here's my professionally drawn map of the property in question.](https://i.imgur.com/Vfsnkhg.png)

Lastly, thanks for your patience. A lot happened and I didn't want to ruin anything that was in the process of unfolding.

-----

I'm going to cut out a big chunk of what happened because it's not super relevant and I don't want to waste time. The gist is: the easement to the property in question is NOT on my property, but there WAS an easement there in 1986, however it was relocated when the property was surveyed and rezoned that year. 

Fast forward, I went to the realty office and spoke with the owner of the company. He was pretty douchey - bald, short, fat, wore thick gold chain and a huge watch. Almost like he watched 80s movies and picks up fashion advice from the villains. 

Anyway, he told me the owner of the property is very motivated to sell the land and that I should just buy it to get rid of the headache. The words he used and the way he said them immediately tipped me off that he was the one telling his realtors to pester me and go through my property and if I spoke up about it, I should just buy it myself. So of course I wasn't going to do that.

I told him that my gate is now locked to all trespassers, and that if he's lucky, I'll only call the cops when I see any of his employees on my property again. I regret saying that, but I was so frustrated with this guy, you don't even know...

So for the next week or so, I saw maybe two cars pull into my driveway, get to the gate, get on their cell phones then drive away. 

The next week was Christmas and I got a visitor. It was the son of the guy that owned the property, visiting from out of state. His dad (the original owner) had died a few years back, and he was now looking to sell it because he doesn't want to pay the taxes and/or do anything with it. Apparently, someone at the realty office told him of what was happening and he wanted to come straighten everything out. He was extremely nice and apologized profusely. I ended up taking him to a bar (this was actually a few days before Christmas, don't want to send the saddest image possible of two older guys drinking alone in a bar on Christmas). Learned a lot about his dad taking him hunting and camping on that property when he was a kid. It was really nice. 

So the property is about 80 acres in total, appraised at $280,000, but listed at $200,000. I told him I'd love to buy it and just keep it the way it is, maybe fence it off and add cattle to it, and his eyes lit up. I told him I don't have $200k sitting around and that I wouldn't feel right low-balling him. He kept pressuring me for a number, but I just couldn't come up with one that seemed fair.

Fast forward again, January 2nd. I get a phone call from the guy, asking if anyone has come to see the property in a while. I had almost forgot that the realtors used to pester me, and I was happy to report I hadn't seen any since we last spoke. He told me he took the listing off the market and dropped that realty company. He asked me again for a number, and I told him $100,000 was the highest I could see myself going. He said "sold!"

So a few days later, he showed up again with his lawyer, we signed some documents, I wrote a check, we went back to that bar to celebrate, and my farm just got 80 acres larger. Very, very happy.
My public high school got a new principal this year. She's demanding that every student donate to her charity of choice, she has some of the people from the front office to around to the class rooms and collect from people once a day. She started last week for Thanksgiving donations and she plans for it to go on until New Years for Christmas/Holiday donations.

She wants at least a dollar a day and the people that she has collect it try and badger everyone to give more since her goal is $5 a day each.

My family can't afford it, I've been using some money I had leftover from my birthday to pay but on Friday I ran out and I was given warning that if I do that again I'll be given detention and if it continues from there I'll be suspended or possibly expelled.

I told my mom on Friday and she spoke to the principal. When my mom told her that it's ridiculous and threatened to call the school board the principal told her that it's completely legal and the school district encourages it and even rewards schools with the most donations.

Is that true? If I get suspended or expelled that'll effect my college chances but my parents can't afford to give me that money every day. My mom said she'll call the school board on Monday but will they actually do anything?
Previous update - https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/87kiay/update_tx_vet_wont_let_us_know_who_has_our_stolen/
Original Post - https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/86t94a/tx_vet_wont_let_us_know_who_has_our_stolen_dog/

I received a phone call earlier this week that our dog had been found hit by a car on the side of the highway about 40 miles from where we live and had to be euthanized shortly after being picked up by animal control. She did not have her collar on but they were able to identify her/call us based on the microchip we originally had placed.

Animal control thinks based on where she found she was likely abandoned on the side of the road, as it's not close or easily accessible to any residential areas.  On Animal control's recommendation, we had them perform a necropsy . They are reasonably certain she had given birth in the past month or two, was slightly underweight from nursing but otherwise healthy.

Thank you everyone who offered advice and kind words. My wife and I read every last comment. A special thanks to those who reached out and helped us contact regional shelters and vets.
Many months ago I rented a nice quiet 2 bedroom house for myself.  A few months into the lease my boyfriend from out of state came and stayed with me for about 10 days.  About a month later my landlord started the eviction process because I broke the lease.  See, my lease clearly states no guest may stay with me at the house for longer then 4 days in a row and no more then 8 days in any 30 day period.  So, the landlord is correct, I broke the lease.

Our court date is next week, and I'm fighting the eviction because that seems like a bad clause and I like the place.  I figured he just sort of was being over protective of his house and was checking up frequently and noticed my bfs car or something, well it turns out that wasn't it.  See he e-mailed me today with a settlement offer.  If I moved out by Sunday he would withdraw the eviction, it won't show up on my records, and he'll wave all fees.  He said he could prove that I broke the lease and sent 10 photos, one for each day that my boyfriend was here.  Well, the photos are from inside the house.  I'm not 100% sure where the camera is, but based on what I can see in the pictures, it must be in or near the ceiling fan.


So, I'm pretty sure what I did was (probably) not so bad.  Though I'm very sure what he did is definitely illegal.  Now, my bf wants me to call the cops and have him arrested.  To be clear, I do too.  But I know he's planning on submitting those photo as evidence against me in court next week.  I want to let him, and then call the cops.  Is that a stupid plan?


Last little wrinkle, I'm out of state at my boyfriends house for the weekend, so I can't exactly consult a local attorney at the moment.  Which is also why I don't want to call the cops right now, since I'm not home to let them in and show them stuff in the house.  Please reddit lawyers, you're my only hope(until I can get home and deal with this better).


**Update**: First of all, thank you all for reading and responding to my post.  Second, I want to apologize for taking so long to respond, I needed time to process everything and to figure out what I'm going to do next.  


I have decided to fly home today, and when I get home I will contact the police and have them look around the house.


Many people suggested I get a lawyer, but I don't know what kind to get.  Would it be a tenant lawyer?

Am I allowed to change the locks in the house, given everything?  Otherwise I'm going to stay at a friends house when I get home.

Thank's so much!
I hired a new employee to work at my restaurant a few days ago as a chef. She was to stay in the back, and handle the food and cooking. No mention of needing a service dog. But when she showed up for work on Monday, she brought a chihuahua in her purse that she said she needed for "emotional support". Right away, I told her nope to the dog. I didn't want that dog around the kitchen or the food. We argued, and I fired her on the spot. She screamed at me that she was going to sue me for discrimination.

So I told my lawyer what happened that day, and he sighed real heavily on the phone. 

"You fired a woman with a service dog?" 

"A chihuahua. I think she was full of shit."

"You know service dogs come in all shapes and sizes, right?"

Then I realized I fucked up...

Are there any laws about this in New Jersey? How screwed am I? Is she going to win if this goes to court? Just for clarification, can a chihuahua be a service dog? I find that so hard to believe.
So I received a letter form her lawyer. The letter said I need to remove the pictures as per her request. I called the lawyer's office, told them about the contract and emailed them a copy.

Three days later, she came in and paid the $2500 in full. I of course removed the pictures. 

I had decided to remove them before receiving the letter anyway, but now I think things are made right for everyone. She got her wish. 
Update from this [post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/926vk6/cancer_hoax_pa/)

My husband finally caved and admitted he doesn’t have cancer. He was seeing an endocrinologist for an unrelated condition (gender dysphoria) and was using the money from our second mortgage and go fund me for treatment. 

I made an appointment with a divorce lawyer, and that lawyer is going to refer me to yet another lawyer, to help me sort out the massive debt I’m in, because of this situation, but he doesn’t think I can be charged with fraud. 

Thank you to everyone in this community for your sympathy and support. 
OP - https://np.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6d6u1g/ohio_new_hoa_president_is_threatening_me_for/


Hello again, it's me with an update to my situation with the HOA president. I'll get it out of the way now - no, he didn't clamp my car and no, he didn't get arrested. As much as that would have been a more entertaining update I think this will still satisfy legaladvice for today.


So, my chief was pretty mad at this guy already, but when a certified letter appeared at the station addressed to myself and the vol. fire department demanding payment of fines and threatening again, IN WRITING, that he would clamp my vehicle, it was like a red rag to a bull. Oh well, as they say, never interrupt the enemy when he is making a mistake.


So my chief called a buddy he knows in the command staff at the sheriffs office, and they went over to this guys place with a couple of officers. I get the feeling that the deputies were probably more likely to need to protect the HOA president from the chief than the other way round, but there you go. It was explained in no uncertain terms to the president what the law was and what he was risking, and he has now backed down. The sheriffs also said if he tries to retaliate please don't hesitate to give them a call. There is a nasty letter from a lawyer that will be turning up on his doorstep within the next day or so as well, courtesy of the county director of emergency services and the city.


The rest of the HOA community has already come out and said this guy is an asshole, and they are looking at getting him voted out. I am very privileged to enjoy a lot of support from my local community for what I do and I definitely don't take that for granted.


I also want to go ahead and clarify some things that came up in my OP.


Regarding state law that says you must have sirens on while lights are on, I spoke to the chief about it and we are going to get absolute clarification on that from higher up the chain. I would also like to say I may have gotten confused as our department policy states that we must be using sirens while lights are on, however my chief does acknowledge that this can be counter-productive in some scenarios, so he will get the advice then review the policy if necessary.


There also seemed to be a little confusion regarding my vehicle. It is my personal vehicle which is fitted with lights and sirens. It does not belong to the fire department and is not overtly marked, however when I am responding to a call it is counted as an emergency vehicle. 


Finally, regarding my driving. u/mechdrunk I am truly sorry that happened to your sister and the I hope the volunteer who was driving was appropriately disciplined and his rights to drive code were revoked. As you said yourself, I am required to drive with due regard for other road users and safety, and I take this very seriously. My comment about hauling ass was probably a poor choice of words given that between my house and the main road where I have to slow down and stop anyway (STOP sign) is only about 5 or 6 houses. So despite all of the downvotes you got, I do take your comment seriously.
We have 1 week of vacation a year that gets rolled over at the end of the year if it is not used. 

Well I never took mine in the 4 years I worked there, did not get vacation during first year, and collected 3 weeks of it. My boss told me I HAD to take all of it this year as he would not approve any vacation after the end of march. Basically we would get super busy april-may ish and hit a small lul first week of June and then busy throughout the year. Jan - end of march is dead time for us. 

Basically he said if I did not take it, I would lose it and told me it needed to be before april. I scheduled for the last 3 weeks of march coming back on Friday. 

I was terminated 2 days into the vacation by him after it was approved, but my access for email was never turned off. No notification came through, nothing. 

I came in today, my badge still worked, and started working. An hour into my shift my boss pulled me into his office and basically asked me "What am I doing here."

Proceeds to tell me I was terminated 2 days into my vacation for abusing the vacation system and that because I was terminated 2 days into it, I would only get paid 2 days of it. We went to HR, I informed them everything that happened and basically plead my case. They said it was already done and that I still had access because I was the only one who turned off access... 

My backup was not doing his job, and apparently did not know how to even use AD to turn off access. 

They tried to make me surrender my phone, and asked me if I would terminate my own access. I told them to pound sand and deleted the company email off of my phone. 

TL:DR Was forced to take 3 weeks vacation or lose it. Was fired for abusing the vacation system to take a 3 week vacation. Company did no terminate access as I am the one who does that. They do not want to pay me for my vacation days. Wat do?
About a month ago, I was hired at a small tech company. When I arrived, I noticed I was the only woman in an office of at least 30 people. I just disregarded it as a coincidence at the time, but I now realize it was because of the workplace. I am intimidated on an almost daily basis by my coworkers.

Several of the employees have attempted to make romantic advances on me. These range from awkwardly asking me out (which I don't mind, but I am in a committed relationship, but they still keep asking) to "accidentally" brushing their hand against my butt. And these were not one time advances. Today when I came in, there was a new pole that had been installed in the middle of the office. When I asked my boss, he said they had discovered a "sag in the ceiling tiles" and that this was a temporary fix (although it seems a bit small for that), but after lunch several of the guys came up to me and one said "why don't you show us why you were really hired" At that point, I excused myself to use the bathroom and then left shortly after, saying I wasn't feeling well.

I could brush off the compliments and asking me out as awkward engineers being awkward engineers (and not getting the message after several times), but the brushing their hand on my butt and now this? I am furious. When I told my boyfriend, he suggested I post here since you guys would probably know where to go. Should I quit? Complain to the boss? Call the police?

Thanks in advance.
[Link to original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8bmge5/pa_neighbor_kid_got_bit_by_stray_cat_that_hangs/)

So, the mom brought over a hospital bill the next week, like they said they would. I refused to take it based on the advice I got here. She wasn't happy about it, but she took it better than I expected, and I thought maybe that would be the end of it.

Then, two days ago, we got a letter from a lawyer's office saying we have to pay the neighbors $2200 and some change or they'll sue us. I googled the name on the letterhead and they're a real law firm, but they're located in a town almost an hour away from Philly, which to me seems weird because there's tons of law offices more local. 

Also weird is that the letter says the kid was bitten by a dog rather than a cat (we don't have a dog either). At first we thought they had hired the most inattentive lawyer of all time and it was just a mistake, but then I started thinking about how people on the first thread were saying that cat bites usually don't require rabies shots, and animal control would have come to quarantine the cat until they were sure it didn't have rabies if they *were* concerned about it. Now I'm starting to wonder if maybe they really are trying to run some type of scam.

Luckily, my dad has a friend/regular customer who's a lawyer, and he said he would help us write a response letter. He said that based on what my dad told him, it doesn't sound like they have much of a case, but we're going to meet him for dinner at my parents' house Sunday and explain the whole story to him then.

Thank you everyone for all the excellent advice! If anything else noteworthy happens, I'll provide another update.
My house is downhill and the water is running right into my foundation. I have video and video of him admitting it because “he doesn’t want his yard to flood” what to do?
You can read my original post here: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7t5ecg/virginia_need_help_going_to_small_claims_due_to/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link

[VIRGINIA]

Today was our day in court. We were called last, so we sat there for 3 hours stressing over it. Once we were called up, we were sworn under oath. The LL immediately requested a continuance under the grounds that he wanted to file a counter suit. The judge denied on the basis that he has not filed anything and he is welcome to appeal once the verdict was made.

I started by saying we were there because we had not received our security deposit or a written list of deductions within 45 days of the end of our lease and delivery of possession, which was in violation of § 55-248.15:1 of the Virginia Residential Landlord &amp; Tenant Act. I mentioned that today marked 75 days out of our lease, and 60 days out of the date that the LL agreed to meet us to get keys. 

I handed over our text transcripts, transcripts of recorded phone conversations, emails indicating intent to not renew, forwarding address, etc. I provided utility bills to show we were paid up well before the end of our lease. I even included the receipt for the U-Haul truck we used to move before our lease.

In addition, I brought the lease, move-in and move-out photos, a move-in report, the statute I was citing for reference, etc. but we didn't even get to any of this.

When it was LL's time to speak, he implied that my phone transcripts were out of order(they weren't - I also brought a CD with mp3s but there was no way to play it. the judge mentioned i could file a request to bring me phone before the case. I will keep that in mind.)

LL essentially rambled on, didn't bring any evidence, and only said he sent the documents(with a timeline way different that he told us). Long story short, the judge was not having it and explained it is LL's responsibility to document everything. LL mentioned multiple times that we painted, but the judge said that she didn't care if we trashed the place because LL did not fulfill his obligations of sending notice.

He said that we owe him $2800 (not sure where that number came from).

I'm still full of adrenaline so this may seem a little choppy. I'm happy to clarify anything. But first, thank you all for your wisdom and guidance! We won!

 As we were leaving, it seemed LL walked into the clerk's office to file a suit for the $2800 he claims we owe him. What should I worry about in terms of this since a judgement has already been made?

tl;dr LL's only strategy seemed to get the case continued, but LL was denied. LL brought no evidence. WE WON!
Hello again, r/legaladvice. I understand you appreciate updates.

I posted several questions and updates throughout my saga, but [here is the (most relevant) OP](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/83a71m/update_question_can_i_sue_my_asshole_business/).

**The important points:**

* I was a minority shareholder in a small business in Oregon.
* I also worked in that business.
* I decided I wanted to no longer work in the business.
* The majority owner decided he didn't like that, so he "fired" me instead, froze me out of the bank accounts, stopped my distributions, and threatened to sue me to get back "all the money I ever received" from the business.

That was scary and frustrating, so I got lawyer.

**Now the update:**

After spending months trying to peacefully resolve everything and getting stonewalled, we filed a document inspection lawsuit in November to compel my partner to produce all our agreements and financial documents so we could at least understand what the heck he was doing and to figure out just how bad he was screwing me.

My lawyer (who's practiced for 30+ years) said he's never had to file an inspection suit before because, in Oregon, it comes with attorney fees. No one allows themselves to be sued for that because it’s a big liability.

My partner dodged service for 2 months, so we weren't able to get the ball rolling until January. He had a lawyer this whole time, but they never agreed to accept service.

And then... more stonewalling. We ended up filing notice of intent to take default. The next day, they filed an answer to the suit denying everything and countersuing for attorney fees (which, apparently, they can't actually get).

In March, my lawyer's assistant was doing some routine research and just happened to find that the business filed amended documents with the state that completely omitted me as a member / owner.

He was trying to erase me.

My lawyer decided the best thing to do was to continue the inspection suit and file a new suit naming my partner personally for breach of fiduciary duty. That way, he could try to do as much useful discovery as possible under the inspection suit where we could get attorney fees back and use all that discovery again in the individual suit where we couldn't.

This is also the point at which he offered to represent me on contingency, which was a huge relief for me because he's expensive and things were escalating. He also credited the fees I'd already paid towards future costs/expenses, which helped a lot.

Even though the other side was making no effort to resolve the problem, that really felt like a positive turning point because I think getting a lawyer on contingency for a business / contract dispute is pretty unusual.

I later learned my lawyer offered contingency because my partner pissed him off and he wanted to keep turning the screws on him. He didn’t want me to bail. I get the impression he's getting towards the end of his career and just likes to work on cases that interest him now.

Fast forward a few months, and we depose my partner. That experience pissed my lawyer off even more. I wasn't there, but reading the transcript was both sad and hilarious. My lawyer said it was the "3rd most frustrating deposition" he's ever taken. Oh well, guess you can't be 1st at everything.

After the deposition, partner's attorney got in touch to offer a settlement (he was on his 3rd lawyer at this point, btw).

It was a terrible offer so we said "no thanks, but we'll do mediation if you want."

They agreed, which is tragically comical to me. Mediation was my *partner's idea* that *I agreed* to before any of this insanity ever started. But he changed his mind at the last minute and I never heard from him again.

We spent a FULL day in mediation and, at the end, accepted a "mediated settlement" when negotiations broke down.

The settlement, once the contingency fee was subtracted, was not far from what I thought I was owed, so I was happy to accept it and put an end to an emotionally draining 2-year saga.

I often second guessed myself throughout this process and felt guilty for suing someone I once cared so much about but, really, he brought it upon himself. And I'm happy that I stood up for myself and am not spending the rest of my life asking, "Why did I let him get away with that?" 

My ex-partner has a very strong cult of personality that's served him well—he's very charming and can convince most people to do what he wants. I don't think anyone's ever stood up to him like that before, and it caught him flat footed.

The whole process was confusing because he never made a logical move until he was truly backed into a corner and was facing trial. At every turn, I wondered, "Is this a trap? Do they have some epic strategy I can't see?"

The longer things dragged on, the more I realized they didn't. There was no strategy beyond ignoring me until they couldn't anymore.

Though my bank account is much healthier today, I have to say the money really rings hollow. I lost a friend and a partner in this debacle. But it was obvious I was going to lose that anyway, so better to have the money than not have it I guess! 

And I'm very thankful I found the lawyer I did. I probably could not have sustained the fight all the way through trial without a contingency agreement. I could tell he really loved his job and I think he's a little bummed we're not going to trial.
This is really important; so much so that I’m venturing into unconventional and unknown (for me) territory to make this happen.

So here’s a little backstory...

My mom killed her self in September 2016. She was mentally ill and had been under the care of the same psychiatrist for 13 years. This doctor was completely negligent in his treatment of her, and continues to have this same “standard of care” for all of his patients. I got her records (which were incomplete and contained someone else’s lab work) and there were at least 3 times she specifically stated “I want to kill my self”, “I want to die”, etc...she was never put into impatient treatment after stating these things. She has a history of suicide attempts as well as family history of suicide (sister). She was told to come back in 3 months for a med check.They knew she was drinking alcohol(stated 3-4 alcoholic bev a day, although that was a gross understatement)while taking Xanax and antipsychotics which is a HUGE no no and any reasonable doctor would have discontinued the Xanax at least, but doing so would have required her to be inpatient for a taper off of the medicine because she’d been on it for like 15 years.

So here’s where I need help....
I’m trying to get a lawyer to take this as a malpractice case which is apparently pretty unheard of in the case of a suicide AND there’s a 2 year statute of limitations on malpractice(at least in NC). I’ve had medical professionals look at her records and agree that this was incredibly negligent treatment and that the “standard of care” was not met.

...this isn’t just about my mom, it’s about the living people in my community going to his office and not getting the treatment they deserve. I believe people have tried to bring legal action against him before, but settled outside of court. I don’t want to do that, unless he’s giving me so much money he can’t afford to keep his practice open.

I’ve spoken to someone at 1 office so far. I conveyed my information to a paralegal who said she’d talk to the attorney and he’d decide if he even wanted to look her records. This was 2 weeks ago now so I don’t think I’m going to hear back from them. Should I keep trying to get someone to take this case? Or is this something that no attorney will touch and I should just start writing my complaints to the medical &amp; psychiatric boards and leave it at that?

I’ve got a very limited amount of time left on being able to peruse this legally so any help is really appreciated. I accidentally posted this the first time in the “best of legal advice” and “legal_advice” so obviously I’m not that bright and can use all the help I can get from you smart people on Reddit.

EDIT: I KNOW HE COULD NOT “FIX” HER. THAT MENTAL ILLNESSES ARE PRETTY MUCH FOR LIFE. I’m not saying she should have been locked up and have he key thrown away. I know that inpatient treatment isn’t a cure all. What I am saying is that EVERY OTHER TIME in her 13 years with this doctor she said “I want to/am going to kill my self” she tried and he knew that. He was aware that it’s not just “something she said”. He didn’t even have her sign a safety contract 

I don’t want to ruin his life. I just want him held accountable. That’s it.

Literally all I wanted to know was if I should consult with multiple attorneys. I’ve received a TON of good information, but lots of redundant “can’t cure mental illnesses”, “don’t be angry”, “I know nothing about law or medicine, but...”

Look, listen. Look and listen....
Thank you so much to everyone who has constructively contributed to this thread. Everyone else please understand, there’s more to this than I can ever put in a single post. My mother isn’t the first suicide in my family, just the first that could have been easily prevented.
My husband was transported to the hospital via ambulance after a pit bull attacked him while delivering a package. He rang on the doorbell and as the woman opened the door, the dog ran out and mauled him. The dog took a bite out of his hand and genitals, leaving open wounds which require stitches. The house had no “Beware of Dog” signs anywhere. The woman didn’t even bother to offer any aid or call 911 and she just ran back inside after she was able to get the dog off my husband. My husband was left bleeding in his truck while he waited for the ambulance and police to come and take him to the hospital. My husband has been a courier for 9 years and has dealt with pretty wild dogs in his routes, however, this is the first time that he has been attacked and this is no small bite. I have photos of the wounds for reference.

My question is, can he sue the woman for the attack? 

EDIT: This happened in FLORIDA

2nd Edit: Animal services/health department just called to inform us that the dog hasn’t had his rabies shots or other necessary vaccines updated in over a year.

3rd Edit: Animal services called this morning to report that this is the SECOND TIME this dog has attacked someone. 
 I am so sorry. I really didn’t think I would have to update this again so soon. We were leaving to go out tonight and we saw the potential buyer on our property with his real estate attorney. We calmly pointed out we had shown them that they didn’t have an easement. They were extremely hostile and yelled at us that we couldn’t ask them to leave because they had an easement. We reminded them that the easement was from the other property and not ours. The buyer is a real estate developer and he told us he is going to hire a friend of his who does land surveys to come out tomorrow to say that the easement does come from our property. I have no idea how he plans to do it. Honestly, the guy was hard to understand. Should we hire our own surveyor? Is there anyway we can prove his surveyor is biased? What else should we be concerned about? 
Using an alt because this is just ridiculous.

So here's the situation. My father passed about 2 months ago from natural causes and left everything he owned to me and my sister. His estate is worth over 5 million with almost half of that in liquid assets. His estate is still being split up now (not because me and sis are fighting or anything. The two of us are just working together to see who wants what and figuring out what to do with the rest.) But that isn't the issue here.

About a week ago a woman we'll call Stupid bitch (SB for short) contacted my fathers estate attorney claiming that she had a secret child with him and demanded he get a third of the estate. I have never met this woman or even knew she existed until then but apparently she is the daughter of someone my dad went to high-school with so it isn't out of the question at first. But here's the thing, my dad was diagnosed with testicular cancer 15 years ago and had both his testicles removed. So unless this kid is at least 14 then its impossible it's his. 

So entertaining the thought I met with SB and was surprised to find out this "secret child" is 9 years old and looks nothing like my father. During this meeting she demanded "her child's share" of my dads estate and wants 9 years of child support in cash. She claimed she would sue if he wasn't added into the will. My dad's estate lawyer said that if SB's kid passed a DNA test he would bust she refused. She claims she has a "secret letter" from my father acknowledging this kid as his own but refused to provide it. 
The meeting ended with my fathers estate lawyer telling her to pretty much get out until she's ready to do a DNA test and her claiming she would "see us in court." 

It's pretty obvious this is not my dad's kid but SB is still trying to take from us. My question is, what can I do to make her go away? What kind of legal action can I take to make her disappear from my life. If she does try to take action against me and my sister, what can I do to make sure this bitch gets what she deserves?
Hello everyone,

I got lots of good feedback, so I justed wanted to share the result. I emailed the management company the following:

&gt; For the last three days, our water pipes have frozen leaving us with no water for most part of the days.
&gt; When the plumber came in, he noted that the bathroom is very cold (it has no heat!) which is causing the pipes to freeze. 
&gt; He advised us to leave the water dripping to avoid overnight freezing, which we followed.
&gt; As a result, we now only have hot water on tap and in the shower with no cold water and no water in the toliet.
&gt; While leaving the tap dripping is a stopgap solution, I am very worried about the water situation in the future, when the cold will get worse. It is obviously irrational to assume that the plumber will be available every time the water stops pouring at midnight.
&gt; On top of that, of course, is the inconvenience and distress of having to live in a house with a bathroom with no or at best, scanty water.
&gt; 
&gt; I request you to look into this recurring problem and perhaps suggest a way to compensate for the distress my partner and I have been undergoing through the last few days. Our monthly rent is $2623, which brings our daily rent to $84.61; we'd like to be compensated for the three days we havent had water ($253.84) and for the consequent days the problem persists.
&gt; 
&gt; We plan on paying rent today, and look forward to hearing of a solution from you soon.

They got back to us today and **credited $350 to our account**. After the above email, we were out of water the following day as well. The plumbers pretty much spent 8 hours in our building making fixes. Shortly after this, they shut off water/heat for the entire building and made additional fixes to the boiler. Whatever they did has helped a lot, as our apartment as been toasty ever since, with no water problems.


A lot of redditors gave the helpful suggestion of running a drip to prevent pipes from freezing. A+ advice.

Thanks to everyone and take care.
[First Update](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/4z4xfq/mi_us_new_employee_at_my_small_company_has_a/)

So, in the end, things went pretty bad for me, but I got some payback. Last post I mentioned boss was trying to work with me, and got me a temporary work space at another site. Turns out that was because he had just got a big order for some custom parts that I was really the only one qualified to make.

So, about two weeks into fabrication, he calls me at my new site and asks about how long I think the project will take. I say it's about two more weeks. The next day I get a call from him (and his lawyer), and say that the current solution can't be maintained, and ask me to give my notice to resign at the end of the month.

I know I probably should have said no and made them terminate me, but I was so freaking pissed at that point. So I gave them the notice that I was walking out the door, and hung up.

Cue my phone exploding. Calls. Texts. Emails. I ignored them all for the rest of the day. I got a call the next morning, asking why I wasn't at work. Told him I resigned. He tells me I need to finish my project. I hung up.

More calls. One from a coworker I really like. Apparently my boss is freaking out because it's a pretty big fab job for a repeat customer, and there's no one who can take over. They can't even return the raw materials, because I had already used most of them. Apparently, they had to eat the materials as a loss, and the customer cancelled the order. Another friend who works there told me that earlier this month several other people contacted our shop for very similar work, and they all had to be turned away. Guess who got laid off because, between losing the jobs and the materials losses, they couldn't be paid. Yup --- new employee and the dog. I feel a bit bad about that, but just a bit.

I wish I could say things are looking up for me now, but they really aren't. At one point it looked like my boss might bring me back as a contractor for that one job, but when I told him that the rate would be double my previous salary, he decided against it. Haven't had any luck with a new job yet. Things aren't tight yet, but that will only last another 3 or 4 months.

So, a bit of justice, but I really, really hate dogs now.
I'm on a corner lot, and the house directly behind and to the left of me has always been disreputable and run down, but recently when I go into my yard, it smells like a rotting diaper mixed with windex, and there's a lot more shady characters running around. 

Should I tell the police?  Can the police search a house because of a "smell"? We share a border, but we don't have a fence, so do I have any legal issues if they are cooking meth? Ultimately, I don't want to be involved in this, but I also don't want my house to blow up.

Dammit- I can't edit the headline. I'm worried about meth, not Euclid and Pythagoras
I'm tying this from a library computer as my mom checks my laptop and I'll only be here for a while so sorry if I don't reply fast enough. I'm 17, and I have a little brother (2 year old). My mom does this thing where she puts something in his sippy, and it knocks him out real quick. If he's just being irritating or throwing a tantrum or something, she'll just put something in his sippy and make him drink it. At bedtime she usually does this too.

I told one of my favorite teachers about this just to get another opinion because I'm not sure if its abuse. He said that as long as she's not beating, starving, or yelling a lot at him the police won't take me seriously. I'm getting tired of seeing my little brother all loopy or her just putting him to sleep whenever she can't be bothered. I'm not always at home so I can't watch him all the time. Is there anything else i can do? I don't know why I deel like cps won't take me seriously
I am a nurse and I work in a hospital ER in South Florida.  In the event of a hurricane our staffing will be split between “during” and “after”.  Prior to the arrival of a storm the “during” people are required to come in and stay until we are relieved.  That could be 12 hours later or 5 days later depending upon how long the area is affected by the storm and whether the “after” staff will have access to roads to get to work.  


I worked at one hospital during a storm and I was there for over 100 hours before I was relieved and I was paid for the entire time I was there.  They even gave us OT.  However, my leadership here is saying that we will only be required to be working for 12 hours per 24 hours we are here and therefor they are only obligated to pay us for the time we are actually at work.  We will not be allowed to leave the hospital when we are on downtime.  The hospital is setting up cots where we can enjoy our “time off”.


This doesn’t sound right to any of us.  My understanding is that if I am required to be at work, I am required to be paid.  I understand they are not obligated to pay us overtime until we actually work more than 40 hours in a given week.  But not paying us at all while we are at work seems ridiculous.  


I should also say that the hospital will remain open.  Closing will not be an option.  


I will also say that being available for hurricane staffing is a condition of employment that I and everyone else agreed to in order to work here.  Personally I am happy to be available during disasters as that type of dynamic is something I enjoy on a professional level.  


Finally, I have been through at least 8 hurricanes in my life including Andrew.  I am well prepared for this one.  I have water, food, cash, the shutters are up, the house is ready, the hatches are battened and the main sail is reefed!   


Texas

Ok so quick re-cap. Bought car Saturday night. My salesman refused to let me have it till it was insured. This was at 10pm, one hour after closing. I showed him how my insurance covers the car for 30 days. He still wouldn't let me have it. Odometer at 101 miles.   They're closed Sunday.  I go Monday morning to pick it up. Go through financing (got scammed on btw), pull over to figure out the tech on my new car and see 380 something miles on it.

\---------------------------

After almost 12 hours and back and forth, it seems they are finally admitting my salesman stole the car from the lot on Sunday, took a trip and brought it back Monday morning.   They "gave" me two options. Neither are very generous.

1. Cancel the deal.
2. Keep the same deal get a similar focus.

I'm going there tomorrow morning. I'm most likely going to cancel and take my business else where, after I cancel the deal I'm considering calling the police and reporting the auto-theft, and then calling Ford and letting them know what happened. Tomorrow, I'm going to let them know that that is what I'll be doing, unless I leave ecstatically happy.

What I want:

.

1. Give me the same black on black Focus SE I have now but the one with paddle shifters (mine now doesn't have it), they also cancel the warranty and bring my payments back to 60 months (what I SIGNED for) instead of 72 months (what they sent to the bank with no signature from me). They then give me the warranty for free.
2. I'll eat the high payment, and 72 months, keep the warranty. In return they give me a ST (preferred) or  Titanium model.

If they won't do any of those I'm pressing charges (he's on camera sneaking into the lot and stealing my car when they were closed). I'm also letting their corporate office know what happen, Ford, etc.

\---------------------

BTW. Of the 50 replies to my original post, 49 of the 50 of you said I was being a idiot, to stfu and just let it go. Turns out it was exactly what I thought happened, my car was stolen and beat on for 300 miles. Sure happy I didn't listen to yall.
My husband went missing early Saturday morning. We live in Mississippi but he works in Memphis, Tennessee. He left work and never made it home. I've called hospitals, jails and made a missing person report. I've entered him into a nationwide missing persons database, rallied everyone I can think of and have had people out physically searching for him. Apart from this, is there anything else I should be doing? 

His phone has been off since he disappeared. We had location sharing with each other and now it shows "no location available." I'm waiting to speak to the detective in the morning about pulling phone records and bank activity. 

Aside from all this, he was the primary breadwinner while I stayed at home with our son. I have no immediate means of support. Are there any resources available to me? 

Thanks all for any help. There are no words for what we're going through. 

Update: he's been found. I don't have many details other than it appears to have been natural causes. I have a call in to the medical examiner to get details. Thanks everyone for helping. 
Referencing [this update](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/82sbct/update_theyre_taking_my_child_pt3/?utm_content=title&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit).

\&gt; "The Petition lacks standing to pursue custody of the minor child." 

Shout out to the Commonwealth of Kentucky for continually being one gigantic dumpster fire of a member of the union. 

I went into the court room with documented evidence of the Blackrock 529 College Account I started for her, my coverage of health insurance for her, my bank statements detailing expenses paid for her school and life events, pictures of our time together for several years. I made impassioned pleas that I was not just some male figure physically present in the household, but a parent that helped her with school work, cooked and cleaned, did laundry, took vacations and school events with her. Documented evidence didn't suffice. 

I've received PMs in the past about people asking how to prevent a situation like this from occurring in your household, and the answer is update your legal agreements with all parties and have it notarized and signed by your local family judge. A will does not suffice. 
Firstly, thank you for all the advice. 

I got a call from the HOA president last night. He told me my neighbor reported me to the HOA Saturday and requested that I be fined for stealing his pig's poop. The HOA board looked into it and found that ownership of anything classified as "livestock" was against HOA bylaws and against local ordinance. In exchange for not being reported to the authorities, my neighbor agreed to send the pig away to live with his grandmother in Idaho. He was fined by the HOA though for failure to pick up the poop.

My neighbor came by this morning to apologize. He said he had gone to a lawyer on Friday and paid $150 for a consultation and was told his case would be far from a slam dunk he thought it would be. 

I hope the matter will be closed, at least until I try my friend's naturally fertilized produce. 
I live in a busy city and surprisingly I am fed up with my downstairs neighbor. My gf and I moved into a new apartment last May and have gotten complaint after complaint from our downstairs neighbor. It began as angry notes pinned to our mailbox which, at first we felt ashamed for walking too loudly, but after the 5th message when were were at home doing nothing besides watching TV and going to bed at 10-11pm we realized our neighbor might be crazy.  We notified the property manager and he said he would tell her no more notes. We were good for a bit, but then she started calling the cops directly. 

Now I am writing this after being woken up in the middle of the night for the third night in two weeks from a violent knock on the door from the city police telling me that a noise complaint was being phoned in from my downstairs neighbor. The police felt as embarrassed as I did when I opened the door in my boxers with them asking  me if I was  having a party. I have no idea what to do legally and what rights I have, but this seems like harassment to me. There is nothing scarier than being woken up in the middle of the night by policemen at your door knocking like it’s a big drug raid or something when you are fast asleep. I know laws in California tend to favor the bottom tenant but this seems completely unreasonable.

 Anyways the times we have talked to our downstairs neighbor she has yelled at us and told us we are not “being like adults” and “stepping too loudly”, but we are simply living in our apartment. We both work relatively late, but take our shoes off when we are at home and are careful not to run the dishwasher at night (after an angry note telling us not to do so). A big part of me wants to knock on her door, stomp on the floor and wake her up in the middle of the night too, but I don’t want to start an even bigger battle.  I have no idea what to do or legally what I can do. File a harassment suit? Complain once again to our property manager?

The cops told me to talk to the landlord which I did, but I just got woken up again tonight so I guess that didn’t work out too well. My gf is fed up, as am I after tonight, but not sure what steps to take next. I live in San Francisco/CA which I know has all sorts of tenant-landlord laws so I feel completely helpless here. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.   I can post images of the notes if needed.
  [https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8xj4ei/was\_i\_wrongfully\_terminated/](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8xj4ei/was_i_wrongfully_terminated/)

Just wanted to let everybody know I got my job back. I asked my friend in IT if he could send me some evidence that I was working from home and he sent me a report showing an active remote desktop connection with my home IP address from 12 to 4 on Saturday. I emailed this report to the COO along with my last 2 performance reviews and he said he would look into it and get back to me. An hour later he emailed me back that I should not have been fired and to take today off with pay and report back tomorrow. I don't know if I will get an apology (probably not) but at least I got my job back.
My teenage daughter is in her first year of high school. We suspect she has fibroids because she has a heavy period. We don't have a formal medical diagnosis, but we never anticipated this situation.
She has one teacher who has made her uncomfortable. She says he made a few off color jokes about women not understanding some of the content of the class- he teaches history and english.

Earlier today, she desperately had to use the bathroom because she could sense wetness and knew her period was too heavy to be contained with a liner. Sorry if this is graphic.

The school bathroom policy is allegedly asking permission and it's up to the instructor to let you go or not. To my knowledge, they don't have passes or hall monitors? 

She raised her hand like halfway into the class to ask for permission to go to the bathroom. The instructor said no. He was giving a lecture and my daughter claims she asked politely. This instructor said she could wait another half hour or whatever it was. She said "I can't wait" and he said something along the lines of "your hair looks fine, you can wait until the end of the class to brush it." Some people in the class laughed. I interpret this to be mildly sexist, and I am willing to demand that my daughter is removed from the class.
She ended up bleeding through her pants, tried to wash it in the bathroom, and was late to her next class. She called me sobbing during lunch time because she had to borrow someone else's jacket and sit in period stained underwear for the rest of the day.

My question is: what is my obligation here to notify the school or report this? I am livid and want this teacher, who is treading on the line of being inappropriate to begin with, to realize that sometimes a bathroom emergency is not a hair emergency. I bought a recorder for my daughter to put in her backpack and record his lessons because he is borderline sexist and if this happens again I want proof to show.

What can I do? I live in Orange County, California.

Thank you!
First off,  sorry for the format since I'm on mobile.  
Backstory: I turned 18 recently (not even a year ago)  and I start college this fall. Our family car needed a lot of work done so my parents decided to take out a loan and just purchase a new car. 
Here's the issue: When they took out the loan I was not with them.  I actually didn't know they were taking out a loan until AFTER they bought the car. 
The loan isn't the problem,  it's how my name was put as a cosigner even though I didn't agree to anything nor did I even sign any document. 
So now if something happened to my parents apparently I will "inherit" their loan/debt.  
Just because I'm their child (now legal adult)  am I forced to be a cosigner even though I never agreed to anything? Can my signature be put on any documents they sign without my permission? 
I took out the contracts and looked at them myself and I am indeed a cosigner. 
 
Any advice is very helpful since I am new to any of this.Thanks! 
I don't think this is quite the right place but hopefully someone can point me in the right direction 

My friend (A) has just discovered that someone has stolen/copied a photo of her work and sold it to the Foo Fighters who are using it as one of their poster designs. Not only is it her work, but it is actually of herself. She does not want her likeness to be used in this way - she never gave her permission.

She contacted the artist directly who has replied something along the lines of 'oh I can't remember where I saw it maybe I accidentally adapted a photo of yours I found through Tinder last year. Please don't get angry I normally ask permission of an artist when I draw them. Can I send you some posters'. With a side by side comparison they are identical. The original image was created by her 4 years ago and all that proof is available timestamped etc.

It's ridiculous that he has offered free posters as some kind of apology. Who do we contact/how? He's deleting all our comments on his own Instagram. I've tried tweeting the Foo Fighters but it's obviously the holiday time of year so unlikely to get a response through that.

She isn't looking to sue for compensation. But her face is literally out there on a Foo Fighters poster without her permission. Who do we contact &amp; how to get acknowledgment of this, an apology, and all the images removed as far as they can be from use/the public domain?

Any advice would be appreciated - as well as where else to post this.

Edit as this seems to be relevant:

She currently lives in Asia.

The plagiarist appears to live in Europe.

Foo Fighters are presumably based in the US?

Nb. She isn't mad at the Foos. Just doesn't want her face on their posters

Edit again: Woah! Woke up to this having taken off! We will go through all the comments later  today but thank you so much everyone for taking the time to offer your help! And just to clarify - this isn't directed at the Foo Fighters. It's about the other artist and how to get him to acknowledge/understand that ripping other people off for his own profit isn't something he can do. Us speaking to him directly hasn't worked and we wanted to know how else to contact him to get this message through - and it seems like through the band's marketing team is the best bet. I'm going to check with her about linking the side-by-side comparison but it's 8am here and I have to dash to work. Thanks again!

Edit again again: http://imgur.com/g3YEhBB here is the side by side. She is on the left, poster in the right. I'm in a meeting now but she's going to make her own account to reply to comments etc. Thanks again everybody :)

February edit: the Foo Fighters must have picked up on this as they contacted him February 1st
UPDATE: I just spoke to a very nice police woman, and as soon as I mentioned the window smasher’s name, she immediately knew who I was talking about. Apparently Smashy McWindows makes a habit of making big scenes in public and has called the police/had the police called on her many times in the last few months. This is the first time the officer was aware of her doing any serious damage during an outburst. 


She said I could press charges against Smashy for vandalism and breaking and entering into a vehicle. Apparently, it doesn’t matter what her intentions were if she was preparing to break into my car, it’s still a misdemeanor she can be charged with. 

Also, when I mentioned leaving the car idling, she laughed at me for even worrying about it. I guess it’s not something they enforce on the regular.

Thank you for all the great advice and especially thank you to you guys who encouraged me to go to the police. I feel a thousand times better about the whole situation now that I know she’s just genuinely crazy and looking for attention. Well, she’s got it now! 

———

This was about a week or so ago, right when it started getting really hot. I went into a craft store to pick up some clearance stuff I missed the day before, right next to the register and I could not have been away from my car more than 10 minutes. I left my dog with the car on and unlocked, ac on full blast, and water on the floor. Didn’t leave a note but I didn’t think I would have to since I left my car ON. Not just the battery, the engine was ON and it was blowing cold air. I wasn’t worried about anyone stealing him or the car because I know the area really well, besides my dog is quite intimidating and I was only gone a couple minutes.


I walk outside and hear this young girl (early 20s?) saying “it’s too hot!! It’s dangerous!” to another older lady. And notice she’s talking about my dog, who is sitting in the front seat of my car barking like crazy. He’s clearly upset, scared and the back passenger window of my car is cracked. I realized this girl was in hysterics because she couldn’t break my window and free my (TOTALLY FINE) dog. I think I got outside just before she called the police. I confronted her about it and she went nuts on me about leaving my dog in the heat. Didn’t apologize or anything just lectured about the heat. I tried to explain that he was comfortable but she wasn’t having it, she said it was her responsibility to save him (I get it but try the door handle first next time? Or just let the police handle it)


What are my options? I have her first and last name but that’s all I got before she got too mad and just left yelling. I didn’t get the other lady’s name. Should I get a lawyer to try and contact her? This happened in PA but my insurance is in IL.


Edit: made a mistake, Insurance says they won’t cover it as my plan only covers liability and collision damage


Edit 2: I now know it is illegal in Pennsylvania to leave the car idling, but I did a google search and from what I understand it‘s only illegal to keep a pet in a parked car in dangerous conditions i.e. extreme heat or cold. My dog was air conditioned and comfortable. Pennsylvania, however, does not have protections for good samaritans helping “abandoned” pets in parked cars, so from what I understand it was illegal for her to damage my window?


It’s probably also cheaper to just get the window fixed, but I’m reasonably certain as to who this girl is and I would prefer to do something about it if only for the fact that my dog won’t get in the car anymore and I want some kind of retribution so she understands what she did was harmful and she doesn’t go around doing this kind of thing again, or thinking she did some great thing. She scared my dog to death smashing on the window and he doesn’t even want car rides anymore. I guess my main question is, who do I contact, police or lawyer?


Edit 3: I am not asking about whether I should have left my dog in the car or not. I’m aware of the risks and I will never be doing it again, if I can even convince him to get in the car again in the first place. Please stop telling me I shouldn’t have left him in the car. I’m 100% aware of my dog’s  temperature limitations and there will be no more car rides while I run errands. However, I now have a broken car window and a traumatized dog because a girl in a parking lot overreacted and didn’t try my door handle. Do I have any legal recourse?


Final edit: I’m going to file a police report about the damage in the morning, just in case anything comes of it. Thank you for the advice!


One more edit: I’m also a woman, not sure why that’s so important.
I live in the United State, Oregon and as the title suggests, my bike was hit. 

The 93 year old hit it and drove off, claiming that he was flustered and didnt know what to do so just drove because the oncoming cars were approaching, luckily police caught him.

It fell over and the whole left side is marked up pretty bad. His insurance will cover replacing the parts that got marked up

Anyway my question is: should I pursue any thing else monetarily? The bike is literally brand new and now has a record of being hit and dropped since insurance is involved. It will never be worth what I havent even payed for it yet (it's a fairly high end bike that is supposed to have little to no depreciation)

Thanks for your time reading
[Indiana] Am I likely to be financially liable for this? So going back to July of 2017. I was looking around for an apartment complex near my university. I saw an advertisement for a place that I thought looked nice. Everything looked pretty okay, so I sent an application in to be looked over. They sent an email back saying it was approved and said the following:”We have received your application and we’re excited that you’ve decided to make (The apartment complex) your new home! Below is a link to your Housing Agreement. Please read through the agreement fully and let us know if you have any questions or need clarification.

We will email a completed copy after we counter-sign the agreement” 
The thing is that I never received an email so I gave them a call. They told me over the phone that the unit I was looking at was rented to someone before me since it was one of the few units still available. Unfortunately, I did not think to get what they said in writing since I figured the situation was over. I moved on and eventually found a different place to stay for the school year. Fast forward to today and I see a ding on my credit for a $5100 from a collection agency. I did some digging in my emails and found an email titled final statement that I missed (originally sent on June 28,2018). It stated that my move in date was June 15, 2018, my lease start date was August 17, 2017, my lease end date was August 2, 2018, notice given date (empty spot), and move out date (empty spot). 

The whole situation is confusing, I never received keys, never spoke to them again, never received any emails or physical mail, never even seen the inside of any of the buildings besides the internet.  

Edit: I believe I did sign a housing agreement. I gave the apartment complex a call and they said they could not find my name in the system. So I forwarded the email I received from them with the final statement. I’m currently waiting on their response. 
Original here: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8muzyd/wife_tested_positive_for_general_opioids_during/

And here was my last update, when I thought this was all but done:
"Last Update: I finally called the supervisor for our investigator after more than 3 weeks of no response. The super called me back within an hour and recalled our case. She confirmed that the request to waive the drug counseling evaluation was approved and the case was essentially closed. The investigator has 60 days to file her report and we would received a letter after that with the official disposition, but nothing more would happen on our end. I want to thank all the great responses I got on here, it really helped calm my nerves. On a side note, my friend who works in the hospital system texted me yesterday to let me know this exact same situation happened to someone else last week to someone she also knows. Beware the everything bagel."

And so we thought that this was a done deal, that we would get the letter in the mail soon and that was the end of it. On July 12th my wife got a call from a local number she didn't recognize. She doesn't answer those and let it go to voicemail. When she checked the message, it was from a woman who identified herself as a drug addiction counselor working for the state saying my wife needed to call her back within the next two hours. Since we were not expecting this, I called the counselor back as I have been taking the lead on all this business since the start. The counselor was somewhat hostile with me when I tried explaining our whole situation and that she must have us confused with another case as ours should have been waived. I requested to call our case manager and confirm, but counselor didn't really care, said we were in her system and we needed to come in or she was putting us down as refusing. We made an appointment for the next day, but I told her that I would try to call my case manager and find out what happened so that we could cancel if need be. I did, for once, actually get in touch with my case manager after leaving 3 voicemails on her machine and her supervisors in an hour. Apparently that is what it takes. The long and short of it is that while her supervisor approved the waiver, her supervisors supervisor did not, and we were placed back into the normal process. The case manager apologized, and said that she would be at the appointment the next day anticipating that the counselor would find that my wife is clean, write her report right then and then hand it to our case manager who would close the file with us in the room and hand us the determination letter. I also found out case manager had a family emergency those last few weeks of June and that is why I never hear back, but that she was sorry. At least that made sense. 

I called the counselor back to tell her what had happened and that we would see her the next day at x time as she requested, along with our case manager. The lady then told us she had us down for y time, and I said no, we had made it for x. She wanted to get out of work a little earlier since it was Friday so she asked to move it up by half an hour, which I agreed to do and I told her we would see her tomorrow. 

Fast forward to the next day. I took off of work and came along with wife's mother so someone could watch the baby, who also had to come. We meet the counselor, who was very confused because she was convinced we were supposed to have been there earlier, at y time. I reminded her of the whole story about her wanting to get out of work early and thats why we moved it to x. In my head this was already off to a bad start. The counselor kind of blanked out and then checked her schedule and said we were lucky because no one else was scheduled so she could take us, like it was a favor and not when we were supposed to be there.

My wife and I were already on edge but we went into her office and the counselor proceeded to talk our ears off for 30 minutes while she did paperwork on our case. This lady really should not be at this job, she actually put the name of our case manager instead of my wifes name on all the paperwork, including the blank consent form she was going to ask my wife to sign that would have said my wife agrees to treatment based on [blank], which I know she would not have signed nor would I have sat there and let her sign basically a blank check without knowing what she was agreeing to go to treatment for and where. It was absurd. Luckily the counselor got flustered after messing up the name and just redid the one actual form needed and said she would save the other form for later. She then asked a few basic questions and then leaned back and said she knew my wife didn't do drugs; could tell as soon as she walked in. At this point our case manager did arrive, and she joined us in the meeting.

We were really hoping this was it, but then after talking for a bit between the case manager and the counselor, the counselor told us that my wife needed to be evaluated by an outpatient facility and take a drug test, because she was an "SB 512" and it was "the law" (it's not, it's just their departmental policy). Wifes on the verge of tears, I'm getting annoyed, case manager looks kind of annoyed and keeps shaking her head. Counselor then proceeds to tell us that she knows just where to send us so that everything gets done quickly and fairly. She adds in the lovely tidbit that if she didn't believe my wife was telling the truth she could send us somewhere that would fail her in order to get her into their system and charge her insurance. I'm floored that she has the balls to say that to us so matter of factly, but I really don't want to rock the boat still, and they keep teasing us with light at the end of the tunnel, so I keep my peace. 

Once we get the outpatient urinalysis set up, the counselor says that once the results come back, she will get it faxed directly to our case manager. Our case manager, who genuinely seems like she wants this to be over as well, takes my card with my email and says that she will send us the case closed letter the second she gets the letter from counselor. We have the outpatient scheduled for Monday, July 16th, which meant our results should be ready by the 23rd. 

So again, fast forward to Monday, after a long weekend of being a bundle of nerves and calling two other attorneys we know who say we should do this one last thing and comply before we do anything through the court. We should up 15 minutes early to the drug consoling center, which was just a lovely place to take your wife. When we met the new counselor she mistook us for being there on other business and then, once she figured out we were her appointment, asked my wife what her drug of choice was. After a few minutes where my wife had to profusely deny any drug use and we had to explain that you can, in fact, test positive from just one bagel (the woman tried to say it was impossible and you had to eat 40, but we came with some proof) she asked my wife to take the urinalysis test. She said she was supposed to watch her pee but that my wife "looked like a trust worthy person" and that was the whole meeting. 

Fast forward another anxious week of waiting and we get a call from the urine test place on the 23rd saying all negative and to call the original counselor for next steps. And here is where everything starts to become a problem again. I call the counselor and get no answer, which is annoying but ok. I also call our case manager and leave her a message letting her know we got the call, we're clean, and that if she needs anything to call me but we're looking forward to getting the letter soon. I hear nothing the rest of the day; no return calls, no emails. The next day I call the counselor again and I do get her, but she immediately says that she is busy and can't talk. I manage to ask her if she got the results and she said yes and hung up, but I was like, ok, at least I know she has seen them. I call our case managers cell phone and leave a message there in case she has not been into the office letting her know. Again, no calls back or email.

Wednesday, I'm starting to get annoyed. Whenever you call any of these voicemails each one says they will respond within 24 business hours, and I had no response from the actual CPS office in 48. I finally call the case managers supervisor and leave a polite message relaying the situation and asking for a call back. No email, no calls. Thursday I call the counselor back who is super rude and quite frankly I think she might have me mixed up with someone else, since she states that I called her the day before when I hadn't. However, I managed to get our of her that she sent the letter to our case manager saying no finding of abuse. So I call the case manager, I call the case managers supervisor. No calls back, no emails. Friday, I call, but don't leave a message. Nothing. Nothing today, but I did not call. 

So I am at a boiling point here. This is starting to affect my sleep, my work and my general well being. I feel like I can't relax until I know this is actually over, since we got bushwhacked last time when we thought it was done. I was actually on vacation over the weekend and was barely able to enjoy any of it because I would start to think about this stupid case and get upset. I also feel pretty powerless since all I can do is call like an moron over and over again. I've always been polite but I'm close to snapping on one of these messages. I realize CPS in the city is beyond busy but I am not a person who gives another my word and doesn't keep it, and it bothers me that we're a week past when we were promised this would be done. My wife goes back to work in two weeks, so this has been going on for 76 days now; well past the 60 max CPS mandates. 

So what are my options here? I would like to 1) hear that this is done and 2) get a copy of the case findings letter stating the case disposition. There is no online case tracker and the only way to get information it seems is from CPS itself. I could go down to their office in person and try to get some answers, but I feel like that might be seen as confrontational and I do not want to escalate this. Calling seems to get me no where unless I start calling over and over in a single day, which, frankly, I'm ok with if it gets an answer. I feel like it's premature to lawyer up and I know that retaining another attorney is likely to prolong this whole ordeal, but I also am running out of patience and very tired of dealing with the total chaos of this office. Thoughts on what to do or whats going on here? 

edit: reworded the part about the wrong name on the forms so it was clear that it was supposed to my wifes name and not the case managers. 

8/7 10:30 am update: I called the investigator and supervisor this morning first thing and left voicemails, since it had been a few business days. The super just called me back and left me know that the investigator is finishing up the paperwork and we should get the letter soon. At first she said in a few weeks and then, later, a few days. Hopefully it's days, but with my luck so far it will be 2019. She said that she could not tell me the disposition over the phone, but that we had nothing to worry about, if I caught her drift. I did apologize for all the calls, but she said she totally understands and it isn't a problem, they are just totally swamped. 

So at least I got a call back. I feel a little better, and I think I can give them a week and see if we don't hear back via letter or email. 

8/7 11:30 am update: The CPS investigator just called. She never got anything at all from the original counselor, which has been the hold up. This is, of course, the woman who nearly hung up on me twice last week because she was busy. The investigator is going to walk down to the counselors office and get it from her directly and close the case, hopefully today. The investigator will call me this afternoon or email me the letter with the final report. I'll update if it happens. 

8/10 update: CPS agent never called me back or emailed. I have left two messages, yesterday and today, asking for a call to let me know what is going on. Looking at calling the city solicitors office and speaking to the DSS attorney on Monday. We’re going on 12 weeks come Thursday.

8/13 final update: After a flurry of phone calls this morning to everyone I could possibly find from the city solicitors office to the state department of human resources, I got the close letter, as well as some of the other case file information. We are officially clear, 80 days later. 
[Link to my initial post for reference](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8qqeh5/21_and_a_prisoner_in_my_parents_home/)

I did it. I left. 

Currently writing this from the backseat of an Uber at 2 am, on my way to my friend’s house with 5 bags of personal belongings that I packed in the last hour. My hands are shaking, somewhat out of fear but mostly out of immense relief. I don’t have everything figured out, but for now I’m free and I have the space to figure things out as they come up. 

Once I get to my friend’s place, I am planning to call both the LA police and OC police non-emergency numbers to report that I am okay (not missing) and inform them that my parents may file a false missing person’s report tomorrow morning. First thing tomorrow morning, I’m heading straight to the office of my university dean to see what assistance they can offer me, as well as update them on my situation. I anticipate that my parents will also try to contact them. 

But now that I’m actually out, I have some important decisions to make. My sudden decision to leave tonight was spurred by a conversation I had with my dad after dinner. My mom was upstairs so she was not present for the conversation. I should preface what I’m about to say with explaining what I meant by “physical abuse” in my initial post. See, whenever I talk with my dad and my responses aren’t satisfactory to him, he will beat me. Sometimes it’s with a large piece of wooden crown molding, a thin wooden switch, a belt, a golf club, a thick textbook (probably enough examples for now). Pretty much all of my responses don’t meet his expectations, so I get beat pretty bad if he’s angry. Some photos I have include pictures of my thighs that are covered in welts and broken blood vessels (days later, the marks turned into hard bruises). 

Anyways, back to tonight’s conversation. For all of today, I basically stayed in my room, reading books and organizing some of my stuff. My parents kept complaining that I wouldn’t spend time with them, but I hope it makes sense why I’m not particularly keen on doing that. So after dinner, my dad confronts me to ask why I’m “acting like I’m so depressed.” I respond by saying I don’t have much to talk about, and I’d rather be left alone. This angered him a lot, and he began to lecture me about how “bringing you home was supposed to change you, can’t you see we’re just trying to help you.” I didn’t reply at this point, so he says this verbatim: “If you have no will to live, just tell me and I’ll get the knife” (meaning he would assist me in committing suicide). 

That triggered a nerve in me, due to my past struggles with depression and my parents not taking my diagnosis seriously, so I replied with “If I wanted to kill myself, I don’t need your help.” Then he got up to go to the kitchen, came back with a knife, and just said “Okay then.” At this point, I realized that this was serious, and I had no doubt that my dad would not hesitate to cause me even more physical harm if I continued to anger him. So I chose to placate him by promising to try harder and be a better daughter, which seemed to satisfy him and he went upstairs to go to bed. 

Which brings us to now. Once I confirmed that both of my parents were asleep, I began packing everything I could fit in the biggest bags that I owned. Enough clothes to last me for a few weeks, important documents, my passport, my license, and a few sentimental items. I called my friend, who was able to call me an Uber. While I waited for the car to arrive, I wrote a brief note to my parents to leave on my nightstand. In it, I apologized for doing what I did, told them I recognized that their actions were out of love and concern, but that their actions were straight-up abuse. I assured them that I would be safe, and ended by saying I hoped we could have a healthy relationship someday down the line. 

Now for the important decisions.

* Should I try to get a restraining order against my parents, in light of what happened tonight? This is the first time I’ve been legitimately scared for my life; I’ve been beaten many times before but those instances were “tolerable”. 
* I have the opportunity to go out of state for a few months (at least through the end of August). The distance is tempting, as it would put me much further from my parents. However, I don’t know if it would be too much of a hassle to deal with an out-of-state move, on top of already moving out of my parents’ place. 
* Does anyone know how applying for healthcare works? I apologize in advance if this seems like a very rudimentary question, but since I’ve relied on my dad’s job for healthcare, I have no idea how any of this works. Most importantly I would want healthcare to cover therapy and possibly medication; later on, I’ll need to visit the eye doctor at some point because I wear glasses/contacts. 
* When applying for jobs, is it a good or a bad idea to include a brief summary of my situation? I wouldn’t go into specifics about how my parents were abusive, but maybe just mention that I recently moved out of my parents’ house against their will and that I'm currently dealing with law enforcement?
* Are there any resources that I can contact in terms of financial assistance? I am not sure how long I can stay at my friend’s place (I think the maximum at the moment is through the end of June), and even if I start working soon I doubt I will have enough to pay for rent somewhere. 
* My landlord from my old place contacted me saying that I still need to pay rent for the months of June and July (my original lease was through July 2018). I thought my parents had discussed this with her while they were trying to move me out, but I guess I was stupid for believing them. I was originally anticipating to get my security deposit (2 months’ rent) back in July, once the lease for the place was up and my other roommates had moved out, but now it looks like I both won’t be getting that back and I’m liable for another 2 months’ rent. I already emailed her back to explain what’s happened and asked her if it’s possible to apply my deposit as rent, as a last resort. But do I have any legal recourse in releasing myself of the liability to pay that rent? I'm worried that she might try to take me to court over the unpaid rent, which could both hurt my credit score and might ruin my ability to live away from my parents.

Thanks so much to everyone who commented on my last post, whether it was with legal advice or just words of encouragement. I probably wouldn’t have gathered the courage to leave if I hadn’t made that post; it made me realize that if complete strangers can show more compassion than my own parents, then I shouldn’t keep believing my parents’ empty promises.
Hi /r/legaladvice, I have been putting this update off for a long time, but I think I need to give it now.

This is the [original post](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5e432h/my_parents_brought_me_to_the_country_where_i_was/).

I made it back home! I've been here for just over two months now. After I made the OP, I was very anxious and not sure how to go about everything because I knew all my options, for example, selling my gold or just contacting the Embassy. In the end, I decided to contact the Embassy. I called them twice but both times the number went to voicemail, and I never got a call back. That made me feel kinda hopeless, until I talked to someone I really trust who suggested to email them. And I did.

The Embassy helped me out so fucking much. They were nice, helpful, and understanding. I was getting a little freaked out in the middle of the whole process because I needed at least three people to give to the Embassy as the people who can help me and I only had two. So I got desperate and went on /r/Assistance, and I don't know what to say about that. I guess people need to take care of themselves first, which I understand. I guess what I can say is that I wasn't being forced to marry, and I had a support system with my parents enough to let me survive, but I don't think merely surviving was the aim of my life. I don't think it ever will be. Nevertheless, I found my last person to help from a friend I've known for an incredibly long time.

After I had all the legal stuff figured out, I realized that my mom relocated the passports and stuff because we got our house refurnished. I was a mess, and I'm pretty sure the anxiety gave me physical sickness because I was not in good shape. Luckily, literally like two days before my flight, I finally found my passport and OCI card. I started packing right away and managed to keep everything hidden from my mom and sister. Goddamn, was it a mess though. My grandmother was sick the week before my flight and we went over to her house every night for a week and spent the night, so I didn't know how I was gonna get out of the house in the middle of the night, get my suitcase and catch my flight. But my mom decided to not go there the day before and the day of my flight, so I had a way, I guess. I booked a cab ahead of time and got everything sorted out. And I left. I also had to figure out where I was going to stay and for a while considered woman's shelters. My friend looked into it for me and said it was hard for me to get a spot in one of those because I needed to be there for the whole process and I was in India. My other friend let me stay with her for a few days when I got back here.

I really think something was looking out for me the whole time because when I got on my connecting flight, I realized the guy next to me was going to the exact same city I was going and he really helped me out.

I started working almost as soon as I got back home and I got offered a full time position at my job, and now...I'm just trying to stand on my feet. But I couldn't have done it without all the people who helped me along the way.

Although, I think my relationship with my parents is going downhill very fast and I am almost no contact with them. Good for me, I suppose. Right now, I am seriously considering going to therapy and talking about all this shit with a professional to help me sort out the objective parts of my life. My parents want me to come to India for Ramadan, and I am so fucking hesitant. I don't know how they have the audacity to come and ask me for their time in the country I fled from for a life of my own.

Anyway, in the OP, I guess some people were interested in how old I am, I mean I'm 20, but I think toxic culture is toxic to everyone who doesn't appreciate their environment, no matter how old they are. I don't have my shit together right now, and I didn't before, and I don't think I will in the near future. But that's life, maybe. You have to have cracks in the wall, forcing you to repair them to make your foundation stronger.  I have no idea, but I know that if I keep talking, it'll be beyond the scope of this sub. So, thank you to everyone who helped and gave their advice, suggestions, and comments.
This pregnant woman came to me a couple of days ago to speak about my son. She says she's 5 months pregnant and my son is the father. I did not allow her to speak to my son though. She says the reason for her visit is that she wants my son to be on the birth certificate and carry the responsibilities of the father.

My son admits to sleeping with this woman twice. However he says it's impossible for the child to be his because of timing. Now I'm the first person to admit that I do not have full confidence in my son - she could be telling the truth or she could be lying (I'm guessing we'll have to do paternity tests when the time comes). I will deal with my son.

However assuming that what she says is true, is this an admission of statuary rape? This woman used to work for the my son's school (she has been fired for unrelated reasons). How can I go about pursuing this?

And what becomes of my son's responsibilities as the father? I'm guessing if the paternity test comes back positive, he will be regarded as the father by law? Do we need to prepare for anything?
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7ay607/im_am_willingly_sheltering_my_minor_sister_who_is/

I felt like I neglected you masses that provided us with so many suggestions in our time of need. I was advised to not post anonymously about this topic until the court proceedings were closed as it may impact our case. Now that it is closed, My sister is safe and sound residing at our house LEGALLY! I am her temporary guardian until her birthday at which point she is more then welcome to stay so she can pursue university. 

It was without heartbreak, like me she was disowned by my father. He is stubborn and set in his ways, he won't change. 

Edit:

Wow another overwhelming response to our plight, I'll try to answer any questions in between shifts today.


First. My father isn't an evil hateful man. There is no threat to our physical safety, we hope with time and as progressive liberal values breach religious ideology we will amend our relationship.


Second point on arraigned marriages, my families standing ensured that our agreed suitors were of similar means; our rejection and flight hurt his standing. I know this concept is foreign to my American friends, but our marriages were very much a singular point in a greater interwoven network of dealings. I'M NOT JUSTIFYING the practice, its abhorrent; but its a custom in a large part if the world today.

We both gave up "wealth" for individual freedoms. While our risk was low due to our family standing, relocating to a country with tighter controls on freedoms made the potential for exploitation a real possibility. The real tragedy is women of low standing forced into marriages that are one sided, that's the tale of caution told to me, I shared with you.





[Original:](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/67cqvi/am_i_liable_to_pay_my_sons_friends_hospital_bill/?st=j2y5kdjh&amp;sh=e8d38411)

Shortly after my original post, my husband and I sat down with a lawyer to discuss the events and our potential liability for the hospital bill or whether or not any of our actions could be construed as neglectful. 

Josh's family had seemingly given up on pressuring us to pay the hospital bill. His mother began sending me texts implying that they had "trusted us with his care" and they could sue for "everything we have". Hence, the lawyer.

Basically, they have nothing (as far as our lawyer is concerned). We're definitely not liable to pay the hospital bill, and neither the hospital nor any collection agency has contacted us since. Josh's mother attempted to state that we had spoken on the phone and I had agreed to keep an eye on her son, but her first text message to my phone (after the incident) states "I just got your number from (other child's parent), we need to speak". We are also looking into having our phone records pulled. 

My son told me that he told Josh that he could sleep over, but neither of them wanted to ask either myself or my husband because that would have ruined their chances of sneaking out to drink. Our lawyer had him write out the series of events. On top of that, there is a text record of Josh texting him apologizing for how his parents are acting and basically admitting that we had never known he was sleeping at our house. 

So...kind of a boring update, but we're just waiting to see if the family will sue. Our lawyer does not think it would be easy for them to do so without shelling out the money themselves for their own counsel, as it is not a "cut and dry case" that a lawyer would take on pro bono (not sure if I'm using the phrase correctly there, but you get my point). 

Best thing about this entire situation: Josh and my son have decided to remain friends. He is not a bad kid, just a kid who made a stupid decision to drink too much. I hope that we can have him over to our home again, but our lawyer has recommended that we do not invite him over at the moment. 

And if you are wondering what kind of punishment I have concocted, my son will be 15 soon and eligible to spend the summer working a crappy job to pay us back for some of the legal fees we've incurred. He will still be allowed to spend time with friends and generally enjoy his summer, but I think this is a good way to introduce him to the harsh and expensive realities of consequences of your actions. 





Original:
https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7k0llv/mom_has_credit_in_my_name_help/

I found more accounts. Thousands of dollars of debt. It was so easy for me to find when I bothered to look for it, to take matters into my own hands. So many things. And it is now PAINFULLY obvious that it was my Mom for years and years.

I am an idiot.

Warning to anyone reading this: NEVER trust someone else not to screw you over. Always keep a tight handle on your things. 

I intend to to move out, leave a file for my Dad with all evidence I find after I talk to him about it (as well as keep copies for myself). My fraud-accountant friend is close to a good lawyer that does stuff for people like me pro bono. I have their contact info.  

My Boss gave me keys to her house and the keys to a guest camper in case I need a place to crash. Her sister did this to her a few years ago and she is still suffering. 3 different people have offered me a place. Very glad to have amazing friends and boss. 

I am going to burn this mess and salt the earth so nothing ever grows here again. (Figuratively speaking) 




https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5sx9ge/doctor_refuses_vasectomy_without_wifes_permission/

So I visited 4 different doctors and none of them agreed to do it without my wife's signed consent form. It was incredibly frustrating but I eventually gave up. I've now divorced her, and the procedure is done.


Original post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8yeeid/continued_the_renters_who_wont_move_out_because/?st=JK0C7TTX&amp;sh=a0d1e0bc

Update:

Just left court, we won, they’re appealing the ruling. Basic summary of what happened:

They asked me if they paid rent, I said no. They asked them if they didn’t pay for a legal reason and she said “yes we did” all smart-assy She told them that we didn’t provide her with the original lease, just a digital copy. Then when that didn’t fly they told the judge that I texted them that they didn't have to pay. He asked to see it and the text said "Hey, just wandered if there's any update, I have someone interested in the house" and then 3 days later I texted "When can I expect rent?" And the judge goes "where does it say you didn't have to pay" and she said "well, that's how I read it" and the judge said "it's not how I'm reading it". 

She also said that in the lease it says we have to give them a 90-day notice to move. It does, but if she read the whole section it says if we need to break the lease then we need to give them a 90-day notice. She said that the lease ended on June 30th and the judge was like "well, that doesn't matter, you still have to pay, the lease automatically goes to month to month". And then he basically said that nothing on the lease matters at this point because they didn't pay, that if they did then we could talk about what the lease said, but they never paid.

He asked me if I wanted to evict them and I said "Not really, I want them to pay me the rent that's owed and to move out at the end of the month, if they agree to pay me rent I'll remove all the late fees and court costs" and the judge asked them if they agreed and they said no! Like, are you crazy?! Anyway, the judge was like "I rule in favor of the plaintiffs" and they said we're appealing and he said well that's your right. And that's basically it. 

So we can have the constables lock them out next Tuesday but who knows how long this appeals process is going to take. We’re having a real sit-down with our attorneys (before we did a phone consultation) so we can know what we can expect and what we need to do to prepare. What was once an $800 rent (mind you the comps are $1250 for the house, we were just giving them a killer deal to help them out) has now turned into $1350 with 6% added each day until they move. They literally had an out but didn’t take it. 

One more thing: everything they had complained about I have irrefutable evidence against so I think we’re good but it still sucks we have to go through all of this! I still don’t know what to expect with the appeals process but I’m feeling more confident.
Not sure if this is the right place to do it, but for several months now Buzzfeed has been repeatedly publishing an clickbait article featuring a photo of me from my personal social media as the “clickbait.”

While flattering, I can’t say I’m happy that a shitty website like Buzzfeed is profiting over using a photo of me, especially without permission. I’m not sure how to handle this, I’ve never been in a situation like this. Is a photo of myself that I posted on my personal social media considered my property? What do I do if they won’t stop using my photo and take down the articles?

(I’m in Kansas, don’t know if it matters.)

EDIT: No, I’m not trying to profit off of this or get money out of them. Jesus. I just want them to stop using my photos for their “journalism,” that is all. Thanks for the advice everyone, I’m going to start with sending a DMCA and see where it goes.
On the 15th of April I found a yellow post-it note in a handwriting that wasn't mine on my desk reminding me of some errands I had to do, but told literally nobody about. While odd, I chalked it up to something I did in my sleep, thinking maybe in my half-awake state I scrawled it so it didn't appear to be my handwriting. I threw it out and thought little of it.

On the 19th, I found another post it note on the back of my desk chair, in the same handwriting as the previous note, telling me to make sure I "saved my documents". I was  freaked out, but there were no other signs of a break-in, so I set up a web-cam in my house aimed at my desk and used a security-cam app for it to record after detecting movement.

On the 28th, I woke up to find another post-it note, this one saying, "Our landlord isn't letting me talk to you, but it's important we do." I immediately checked the webcam's folder on my computer and found nothing from the night before, but my computer's recycling bin had been emptied, which I am certain I did not do recently, indicating someone had noticed the webcam and deleted the files. (They were just saved straight to a folder on my desktop called "Webcam". 

Today, on the 1st of May, I found another post it note, this time on the outside of my door, with nothing written on it– and there also appeared to be post-its on many other doors in my apartment complex, all blank, in varying colors.

Do I have any legal recourse here? I have no proof except for the post-its, but those are written by my pen and on my post-it notes, so conceivably I could have faked them. Would contacting the police get me into any trouble, if they can't determine an outside source for this? I just want to make sure I'm not wasting anyone's time. 

Should I consult my landlord? Those also living in the complex?

**EDIT: I pulled up a letter I received from my landlord back when I moved in, and the handwriting is identical. Could this count as evidence?**
Edit: link to my first post:

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/92qios/my_62_year_old_father_accidentally_took_a_womans/?st=JM5JHYZB&amp;sh=96ff2711

Hey guys. Thank you all for responding to my first post. We took a lot of your advice, scrounged up some money while sacrificing some bills, several days of work and our family vacation, and hired a lawyer for my dad. I wish things had turned out better, but unfortunately they did not. 

We ended up going to court, where our lawyer tried to explain to the judge that my dad is a family man with no criminal record and this was an honest mistake. Both our lawyer and the girls lawyer were willing to throw the case out but the girl would not let that happen. Turns out this girl is only an 18 year old high school senior who wanted my dad prosecuted to the full extent of the law. There was a security camera video of my dad taking the phone, which none of us have seen but apparently is pretty damning. He was instructed to either plea it down to a misdemeanor or go to a full trial. 

After talking to our lawyer, we considered going to another trial and counter suing for legal fees, loss of potential income and emotional distress, but we are not rich people by any means and couldn't afford legal fees of going to another trial, and absolutely could not afford my dad being found guilty. He ended up just pleading it down to a misdemeanor. He was fined $500 and now has a misdemeanor on his record for the next five years. Thankfully the case is closed and this is over, but we lost thousands of dollars in legal fees and he now has to deal with a criminal record for the next five years. I fucking hate this girl and I wish I could speak my mind to her, but I’ve been instructed to just bite my tongue and eat it.

Thank you all for your help, and while I know this could have been a lot worse, I wish this could have turned out better.
Location: Ontario, Canada

\---

Long story short, a friend of mine became very upset when I politely asked him not to share the names, addresses, and photographs of everyone who filmed a local mass shooting which took place last week. He believed that I was attempting to censor him by asking him not to publish the names, addresses, and photographs of everyone who filmed the mass shooting, and noted that it was in the public's best interest to know.

I have no idea why he's upset, since my request was mild-mannered, and in my opinion, reasonable - there is no need for the names, and addresses of witnesses to be published online, especially on social media sites.

After I followed up with a mutual friend, who is also is employer, his employer told me that he left work early today. Together, we connected the dots, and learned that he left work early in order to file a false harassment claim against me with my company's human resources department.

Fortunately, my company has noted that they're not interested in taking any action against me, and that the allegations weren't substantial.

Both the mutual friend, and I know that he's mentally unstable, and that he may suffer from some sort of delusional disorder. He told me that he'd be dead in a year because of people like me, but, I honestly have no idea what he's talking about - we went out together a couple of months ago, and had a great time.

Since it's unknown as to whether or not he will escalate, what should I do here?

I don't think that he's a danger to anyone.

\---

Update: a few hours after he made the false harassment claim, he quit his job, and went off the grid - all of his social media accounts are gone - no one knows what's going on with him - strange.
First off I want to thank everybody for your help. You made me realize I had more options than I thought! 

Soon after I moved the signs I found a letter in my mailbox with basically a petition signed by a bunch of local parents asking me to take the disturbing sign down because their kids walk by my house on their way to school. This is exactly what I was worried about in the first place- people associating me with the signs. 

Soon after *that* my landlord emailed me back saying he has a right to have them up because they're "fixtures, like fences" and he is allowed to erect fixtures in the lawn. I ended up getting a big sign printed apologizing for the last signs and saying I was not the one who put them up and I do not condone them, to try to remedy my reputation with the community. I also wrote the same in a letter to the parents who sent the petition. 

As for my landlord, I paid a lawyer to write him a letter telling him that I have a right not to have these things in my yard, that it's disrupting my life, etc. My landlord came over all huffy but he did remove the signs. Things seem to be back to normal. Thanks again everybody! 
One thing I can say before getting into the update is if you are separated and have children, make sure there is an official filing in your states family court that determines paternity (that you are, in fact, the parent of your child) and that you have some form of custody on file with the court as well. Even if it is a joint custody form with only a few hours of visitation it is a document that shows the police that you have some form of custody of your child. The police outright refused to help me in my situation without showing proof of custody and paternity from the Arizona Family Superior Court. 

Here is a link to the original post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/762kne/my_daughters_mother_was_in_a_car_accident_and_is/

Update:

Recently I was able to get an official ruling from the court and feel more comfortable posting an update publicly. 

I was able to pick up my daughter from her grandparents home the next day with filing a "Motion for Temporary Order Without Notice." The Motion requires you to fill out quite a few other motions and schedule a joint custody trial as well as create a parenting plan before you can submit it for the judges approval. I had to explain, in writing, to a judge why there was an emergency factor involved with me needing to pick up my daughter immediately and the judge, after reviewing my motion, had to draw a temporary full custody order that I could show to the police and other parties involved to allow me to pick up my daughter. 

I talked with a lawyer who was nice enough to tell me the names of the forms I needed to file and how/where to file them without charging me a fee. The down payment for starting a custody case was quoted to me at over $2000 with the other lawyers I talked to before they would even look at the case and another lawyer offered to just charge a per court appearance fee but not help with any forms/paperwork as a cheaper option. None of those options really worked for me so I took the first lawyers advice with the forms I needed to file and did everything on my own.

**I was lucky I had a few hundred dollars available to spend to file this order. I was lucky it was a weekday and the courts were open. Do not count on being lucky. File joint custody paperwork with your state immediately if you have children and haven't done so already. Do not put yourself in a position where someone can take your child and you not be able to do a thing about it.**

After receiving temporary full custody things were pretty straight forward. The document expired every 30 days so there were status conferences set with the court every 30 days until the other party could appear in court. 

I am happy to say there is now a permanent custody agreement in place officially and if anything happens in the future it won't be such a nightmare, I won't feel so helpless and in fear of my daughters safety, and I will be able to show proof that I am legally responsible for her. Hopefully I never need to use this document for this reason again but please don't end up in my situation and file official custody paperwork with the court in your state if you are unmarried and have children. It may save you from a situation such as mine.

Edit because I didn't make it entirely clear: For those of you concerned, my ex has woken up and was able to attend court which is how there is now a permanent custody agreement in place and she seems to be making a recovery. 
My neighbor has left an old shotgun with the serial numbers filed off on my property. Phoned the police on me, and now I need to deal with this felony.

He's phoned child protective services on me.

He's planted marijuana in my garage, and phoned the police.

He's sour because I found out his fence is on my property, and had him through the municipality government, remove it at his own expense.

Tired of his shit, but it's never going to end.

What are my options to get him to stop?

Florida resident.
This is in Indiana.

My son is in high school and, true to a deal we made, he got good grades in his first semester, so I got him an iPhone for Christmas. Apparently he was playing with it in class recently, and the teacher confiscated it. I totally understand this.

However, when I went in to the office to collect the phone, the assistant principal told me that it was now school property, and he wouldn't return it to me. He said it was like when the police confiscate something, it becomes their property (which isn't true, as far as I know.) 

I managed to maintain my composure while I stridently demanded the phone, but the assistant principal wouldn't budge.

I'm taking it up at the next school board meeting. If the school board upholds the asst. principal's decision, my plan is to sue the district for the value of the phone, but I hope this isn't necessary. 

What's my legal standing here? Would I have any hope of winning a small claims suit against the district for the value of the phone?
Hi, I'm just nervous and I have not spoken to my mom because she's sleeping. I have never met my dad until a month ago. It came out to me just last night why he reached out after 14 years. I'm 14 years old. One of his kids is sick with something, and he want's to see if I am comparable or something. 

He told me just last night that I am legally obligated to medically help siblings if the parents so much as wish it. Is this true or is he full of it? also how can I get him to stop talking to me legally?
Minnesota, U.S.A.
So I made [this post] (https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/832reb/va_questions_about_a_sex_offenderparoled_felon/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link) asking for help re:  my landlord being offered money to lie about a sex offender residing in our house, because said sex offender wanted to live with his girlfriend and his girlfriend's young children but the terms of his parole do not allow him to live with unrelated minors (or something like that). It didn't get a ton of attention or anything but the responses did help me try to resolve the situation, so I thought I would give an update for the people who pointed me in the right direction and were concerned about the kids involved.

I talked to my dumbass landlord/roommate and let him know that what he was considering is fraud and that he could potentially go to jail for something like that, and that he'd have a much harder time paying down his medical debt from in the clink. I told him that I was telling the authorities no matter what, but that I did not want to get him in trouble or cause problems for him, and he agreed to cooperate with me.

On the advice of someone here, I got in touch with the department of corrections and they were able to direct me to the Probation &amp; Parole office in my city. I talked to someone there, who had someone else call me back later and get all the information I could give. Pringle's alias was known to the parole department and they said they would look into it and get back to me if they needed more details from me or Jeff.

The important thing that happened was that somebody else (from what I heard from mutual friends a relative of the girlfriend) also contacted the authorities within a few days of me. Pringle was offering Jeff so much money because he was in a really tight spot, as Pringle had already moved in with the girlfriend and had been living there for a couple of weeks and was on bad terms with the people at his previous address, so they weren't going to lie for him and say he still lived there. The girlfriend's relative, worried about a sex offender in the house with the girlfriend's young kids, let the police know that he was living with kids in violation of his parole.

Some cops did come by and talk to me and Jeff, and Jeff showed them the messages from Pringle trying to set up the deception, but they really didn't need much from us. They warned us we could possibly be subpoenaed later. We haven't heard from anyone yet but it's only been a couple of weeks. From what I have heard from others, Pringle is back in county jail for his parole violation and Pringle's girlfriend's baby daddy wants to use this to force some changes in their custody agreement which is almost certainly for the best. They have a really volatile relationship but he seems to care about his kids a lot and obviously their mom has pretty bad judgment.

To the best of my knowledge the little kids are okay. Even though someone else turned the guy in for this, I'm still glad that I was able to do the right thing. Thanks for your help, legaladvice!
HI- they told me in r/relationships that this is illegal, and that you guys would have advice. We're in Ohio. I need a divorce lawyer. On Wednesday, I bought him a fucking Christmas present. On Thursday, I found out he gave me a STI. On Friday, he admitted he's been cheating. Yesterday, he drained our accounts. He says I need to be out of the house by Christmas Eve.  

We have four kids, 8, 6,5 and 2. I haven't worked since the oldest was born. Our relationship has been bad since before my youngest daughter was born- we hadn't meant to get pregnant. This week, I tested positive for an STI. I investigated, confronted him and he admitted it. We had a huge fight, he stormed out of the house.
Yesterday, my credit card was declined at the grocery store, and I couldn't get cash. He has EMPTIED all of our accounts. I was in charge of the bills and finances; I know exactly how much was in our checking, savings and money market account. He's changed his password for his 401(k). He didn't respond to my frantic texts all day, but just sent me an email saying I had a week to get myself and "my kids" out of "his house", and I had better get a job or go "back to my parents" if I expect to feed them.
We bought the house together, before the kids were born and I paid half of the down payment. I have no money or credit cards, so I can't even get a lawyer. I am sitting here staring at a Christmas tree, crying and wondering if I'll have to return my children's presents for food. I have no idea how this happened. I live two hours away from my family, so even if I got a job, I'd have to pay for day care. Should I sell my wedding and engagement rings? Do I make a resume and apply for a job in my old field (accounting) or just get a job at Starbucks or McDonald's? Can he do this?

tl;dr: I'm a SAHM and my husband has taken all of my money and is going to kick us out of the house. I am simply in shock.
I own an instagram username that is highly sought after, and the offers for it usually ranged from $1k-$5k. But recently, a startup got in touch with me, and wants to purchase it for $50k usd.

Obviously I can't turn something like this down, it'd change my life.

What is the safest way of doing this without getting scammed? I have a hard time trusting people over the internet, but this seems like the real deal. I just want to be on the safe side.

Edit: Thanks for the replies everyone. We agreed to use an escrow service, but one of their terms was that the username had to be on a new, blank account. While this seems somewhat reasonable, it puts me at risk because there are certain applications that work to swipe up unused original (one word) usernames. If I swapped usernames with the blank account, there's one second where the username is unused, which means that more than likely it'll get swiped, and someone else will then own it. I have no doubt that the offer was real. They were professional and their terms were somewhat justified, because if I had gave them the username on my current account, there's a chance I could have backstabbed them. So we couldn't agree, and the deal was called off. But I'll be sure to use an escrow service in any future online dealings. Thanks again!
I couldn't find anything about this anywhere so asking here.

I'm a triple citizen of a third world shit hole \(my ethnicity ugh\), Canada \(born there\) and Australia \(naturalised when I was 6\).

So my parents found out I'm non\-religious. They were forcing me to pray and all that bullshit, I blatantly refused. They attempted to use violence against me, I easily defended myself lol so that's not an issue, and they're not gonna try that again. Now, they plan on taking me back to my shit hole ethnic\-home country, and they want to renounce my Australian citizenship.

1\) Can they do this without my approval since I'm still a minor?

2\) Also under Australian law, can a parent force a minor to leave Australia? \(like what if I simply refuse to go to the airport?\)

I don't think my parents know I'm a Canadian citizen because Canada has unconditional birth\-right citizenship. I've called the Canadian embassy and confirmed citizenship, because I provided my birth certificate details.

Cheers for any help.

EDIT: Why the fuck is it so hard to get karma on my legit account and I make throwaways and they get hundreds of upvotes so easily? :P

EDIT 2: Turns out for this case, anyone 16 years or older must renounce citizenship themselves and parents cannot do it. I could renounce without my parents knowing even.

Thanks to everyone for the great advice!

EDIT 3: This throwaway has more karma than my main. Sad life. 
After I was ready to go back to work, I decided to hire a nanny to help out since neither my husband or I have any family willing to look after our daughter. Things went well for the first few weeks. Though later on, I began to notice her blatantly flirting with my husband. I was uncomfortable with this but I didn't feel like it was too big of a deal since I trusted my husband, and he told me he didn't like her behavior either. I was also desperate because I could not afford to take any time off to look after the baby.

However, everything changed when my husband came to me, and told me that the nanny had attempted to kiss him and then tried taking her clothes off. I gave her a piece of my mind then fired her. Nanny actually said "you'll be sorry for this". Like something out of a movie...

Days later, the police show up, stating that they were investigating some rape allegations. My husband was taken to the station but he denied the allegations while being questioned. He was released but we're very worried. We checked the nanny's Facebook, and sure enough, she is claiming **she** was raped by my husband. In the comments, people were consoling her and some were saying they wanted to beat my husband. I felt sick to my stomach.

I'm not sure what to do now. I guess getting an attorney will be in order but what can I do about the words she's using? Can I stop her from making these false accusations online? What steps can we take to protect my husband? I'm afraid he may get attacked or fired due to this. Thanks in advance.
I just posted a request with my ridiculous situation involving my sister.

https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/6l3i1d/florida_i_found_out_that_my_younger_sister_was/

I got an incredible amount of varying advice and support that I really appreciate. I explained the situation to my boss, who was very supportive and gave me some time off without an issue to deal with this. Last night I left home and drove to them (they live in another part of Florida, but we all live there), and tried having a rational conversation with them before I took it. I pointed out the abuse I was learning was regularly at these communities. I told them all I stuff I've learned about these places. I demonstrated that it wouldn't even change her sexuality or opinion, and they just called me a liar or ignored me. I have never seen my parents in a lower regard. I didn't even bring up the money because I had a feeling that if I mentioned it he would kick me out. Both of them seemed incredibly nonchalant about the entire thing. Then I made an appointment with a lawyer, and then later another. Both of them were LGBT friendly and had at least some experience with similar situations, and both spent about an hour explaining to me how I am completely legally screwed due to the nature of the gift (and how it won't be interrupted as condition) and that I have absolutely zero legal grounds in getting my sister out, and that without even the name of the place I can literally do nothing. I am completely screwed. One drilled into me that I should not post about this to their friends or it may make any legal action that could be possible later impossible. But both basically told me there wasn't a thing to be done.

I was at my wits end, and I had a last-ditch plan. I drove back to my father's home and told him I would give him my remaining savings (around 65k, but I lied and said 55k so I'd have something) if he took her out of the camp and let her live with me. I was amazed that he would even consider it because I always considered him such a high moral figure but he stepped in the room with my mother for five minutes and said yes, but only if I did not involve the police. I told him he would need to sign a contract and wait a few days and he told me he may not have an issue with that (needs to think) but did not want her legally in my name (but she can live with me) because he doesn't want to be on the bill for child support. I wanted to spit in his face but I refrained. 

This just happened less than an hour ago. I made another appointment with another attorney tomorrow but I don't think that this is possible and I may not show up to his office. If I give him the money without any obligation to return it he would just take it and do nothing.

My idea at the moment is to agree to give them the money without a contract as soon as she is out and back at the house and I see her, and then take her and move to another state with her until she graduates. I can keep working in my current job from online until I get a new one. My father basically gave the impression that he had completely disowned her anyway, and I don't think he would spend the money a second time to get her in another place but obviously I'm just guessing. Obviously I cannot have a legal contract written where I buy custody of a minor. Can I have one where they promise not to send her to another institution like that? Like "she must go to and graduate from X high school or something or you must return the money"?

Is there anything I can do to make this work in a way where she is out and with me (whether in my name with custody or not) and they don't have legal grounds to come and track us down and send her somewhere else? This sounds insane but I am insane. I'm so  worried. I'm vomiting randomly from guilt and stress. I can't sleep so I'm going to down a few sleeping pills so I can go to bed. 

Thank you very much, you have helped me immensely. It's disgusting how much the legal system can screw over innocent teens. I've never felt more angry during a 4th of July in my life. I don't know how we can profess freedom when stuff like this still happens and is legally justifiable.

Edit: We met and he detailed to me how I can easily go to jail with my plan, and just how dumb it is. I'm not giving them any money. But he made it clear that I have no legal recourse to get her. There is nothing I can do legally that will go anywhere. He advised me to try and settle this from "a civil perspective." They won't listen to reason. I have never hated anyone more than them. I feel like I fell in a black hole. I don't see any way out.



My husband &amp; I are private landlords. One of our tenants, we'll call him James, left for a trip at the beginning of the summer and asked us to keep an eye on the house while he's gone. I drive passed 2-3 times a day and stop in every couple days to get mail, water his plants and check on things. I have his original house key to get in, but I also know where he keeps a spare key. 

Today my husband went over to mow and water the lawn. He used the key to enter so he could play XBox while the sprinkler went (with James's permission) and discovered another person in the house. He went back out and called me to ask if James had anyone staying there, I said no and came over to meet him. This time we knocked and the woman answered the door. I asked who she was, she said she was James's girlfriend and she was house sitting for the summer. 

We were immediately suspicious because we have been house sitting for 2 months and never seen this woman, even though I enter the house 2-3 times a week at least, and I've never seen anything indicating someone was living here. Also, James is backpacking out of the country with his boyfriend... While that doesn't necessarily mean he doesn't have a girlfriend, we know for a fact he's gay and in a committed relationship, so that makes this whole thing even more suspicious. 

She claimed James gave her a key. On our way out, hubby checked where James hides his spare key and it's missing when it was there on Wednesday, because I used it when I forgot the regular key. She has no proof she even knows James, we asked her if she had any photos or texts on her phone from James proving their relationship and she claimed she doesn't have a cell phone, but a pink studded iPhone was sitting on the coffee table (and wasn't there on Wednesday).

We can't get ahold of James to ask him what's up, it will be another 2 weeks before he calls to check in and he doesn't have reliable service. I left a message with his mom in case he calls her, and she said James has never mentioned a girlfriend to her, he's never had a girlfriend in his life and she's never heard of this girl. She thinks it could be an acquaintance looking for a free place to crash. She offered to sign anything (she has power of attorney for James) to get her out if necessary, but she lives 3 hours away. 

On one hand, it's not our business who James is seeing or invites to the house. On the other, we have a really bad feeling this girl is here illegally and looking for a free place to live, possibly even trying to steal stuff from the house. Right now the next door neighbors son is outside discreetly watching the house to report if she tries to steal furniture or anything, but so far all she's done is gone swimming and sun bathed in the backyard. 

What should we do? Hubby wants to call the police and make her prove she has permission, but I'm worried we might be overstepping as landlords. But I also don't want to do nothing and see James get robbed. She claims she's been there for weeks and she might try to say she's a tenant, too. What's the best way to handle this?

Edit: the neighbors son watching the house, he just texted " Ms. Parker, I have areally bad feeling she's a stalker. James told my mom that if a girl who looked like her came around to tell him bc she's a troublemaker. And mom said she thinks she might be a stalker and to call police if we saw her./"

So apparently James might have a stalker and this woman fits the description of the woman they were told to watch out for. 

---------------------

Edit - Update:

We have no idea what is going on. We met the police at the next door neighbors house and explained the situation. They asked us a lot of questions about James, what we knew about the woman, pretty much normal questions. Then the questions got unceasingly weird, like, did the woman seem agitated or defensive, did she appear to be pregnant, did you see or hear an infant in the house, did you see any baby items laying around, did you notice anything unusual about her hair, did she have any visible birth marks or deformities, did she speak with an unusual accent, things that made no sense at all considering we thought this was a possible robbery. What is the purpose of these questions? 

The officers asked us to look at some photos and could we identify the woman, during this time other police officers arrived, there were 7-8 officers at this point, and 3 went over next door to talk to the woman while we stayed at the neighbors house. She answered the door right away, we couldn't make out what they were saying, but she seemed totally relaxed and happy, not upset or scared. They talked for maybe 15-20 minutes, then she stepped out on the porch and the officers arrested her pretty aggressively. 

They asked for permission to go through the house, which his mother gave by phone, and asked my husband to list any closets, storage or crawl spaces. They came back twice asking if there was an attic or a basement, and if we had done any recent work on the walls (we had) but they never explained why, or what they were looking for.  They also located her blue Ford Fuzion parked 3 houses down across the street, which they towed. 

They did recover the spare key on her person, but they instructed us to replace all of the locks on that key tonight, so we're getting ready to go to Home Depot right now while the neighbor's husband stays in the house. We're also going to look for security cameras. We did mention the possible stalking, but they didn't seem remotely interested in what the neighbor had to say about it. 

So we have no idea who this woman is, why she was really there, what the police were looking for, what the hell just happened, or what's going to happen next. One officer gave us a business card with his badge number and cell phone number, and wrote down s matter number on the back, so he said to expect a phone call in the next few days if they have any more questions. But they were very hush hush about what was going on and the only thing they would tell us is, it's an ongoing investigation and they can't release any information at this time. They won't even tell us if they think James or his boyfriend are involved. I am freaking the hell out right now. 

We tried contacting James and his boyfriend for the last few hours with no success. I left him a voicemail to call me back as soon as possible, but I didn't want to break the news by voicemail. Hopefully he calls me back soon. 

What happens next? What can we expect now? What happens if James was involved in this? I really don't think he is, but I don't know what to think right now. Tonight has been one big blur and I don't know what we should be doing right now. 
I started a new job and they charge $7.00 per hour to park in the employee parking lot. You have to pay for parking even if you don't drive. I don't even own a car. My boss says if they allocate a resource for you to use you have to pay for it. Even if you don't use it. I'm only making $12.50 per hour, so taking $7 of that back for parking I don't use is a big reduction in pay.

What should I do? If I quit or get fired it's a parole violation. I have to maintain continuous employment for 12 months. I didn't know about the parking fee until my second day. My parole officer is not a kind and understanding soul.
Link to original: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/519wu7/pausa_traffic_live_stop_at_a_red_light_police/

Went to court and told the truth. I had the bogus tickets thrown out. Thanks for all the help!


Throwaway account. I just turned 15 and she's 12. She was going into the woods behind our house a lot recently and wouldn't say why so I followed her today. I saw her go into this hideout thing she'd made, a bunch of branches leaning against some rocks. It looked cool. I went in but, when I got inside, I saw all these bodies of animals laying out. They were dead and bloody. Some were cut up. 

She got mad at me for following her and said she's just curious. She used a knife to kill them and then she dissects them like in a lab. I'm sooo creeped out that's so gross and creepy. 

I feel like I need to tell our parents. There could be something seriously wrong with her, who does that??? She didn't care bcause she said, "it will take you at least 20 minutes to bring them here and I'll just hide everything, I know everywhere in these woods and you'll never find anything I don't want you to find." My parents always believe her over me, because she's younger. Plus I used to get in trouble a lot. There's no point arguing with her so I just went home now I can't stop thinking about it.

Is my sister commiting a crime? If I could prove it to my parents, would they have to report her? Is it legal to kill animals if you don't have a hunting permit?
[Original](https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/62hwid/my_teenage_son_is_being_sexually_groomed/)

I wanted to update in case anyone finds themselves in a similar situation. Thank you so much for all of your kind words and very good advice in the original post, you guys are the greatest. 

Most importantly, kiddo is doing great and has returned to normal teenage levels of hating me, life, the world, etc! He has his head on straight and is just ready for this whole mess to blow over. I think the most helpful thing has been to fill his time with new activities, friends (read: girls) and staying busy. The therapists kicked us out about a week ago and feel that no lasting harm has been done and to just keep communication open and a watchful eye out. We are so damn thankful!

It's been a almost 2 months since we first spoke to the detective. He sent me a message today saying that the case was progressing albeit slowly, but they are continuing to move forward. I have not heard anymore from the DA and I'm not sure if they have interviewed the ex-family friend yet. The detective and DA have kept tabs on my son and have received progress notes from the family advocacy team - everybody has, and continues to be, a huge support for us and we couldn't be more pleased with all the help we've been provided. 

Sorry that it's not a huge update but I want to leave this as a timeline resource for anyone else in the future. It was difficult to find information like this online and I will continue to update to the conclusion of the case, should the mods allow of course!

Again, thank you so much for your help, you are providing an awesome service. 
This situation took place in Texas. Recently, I got contacted for an interview at an establishment I applied to a few weeks ago. I set up and confirmed the interview with, Linda, the manager. I arrived early and I instantly noticed that everyone there was of a particular race. That isn't uncommon, so I shrugged it off.

Everyone was courteous until I said my name and what I was there for. (My name is typically associated with being white, and I am far from it). Their faces dropped. They looked stunned. I asked for the manager I talked to and she was fetched right away while I was being seated.

After she saw me, she said she had no idea who Linda was. She said she had never heard of her (even though she was linda)! She said the manager had been gone out of town for over a week a now (I had confirmed my interview 3 days prior), and that she wouldn't be back for some time. She had no idea who had sent me the message since no one named Linda works there.

Linda urged me to call back a few weeks from now to see if the position is open and to check if the manager was back. She then said that the manager would call if she thought my services were needed. I never had the interview. I left feeling upset, but just chalked it up as a bad experience that happens to many people. Shortly after I tried calling the number Linda used to text me, but no one answered.

I knew I had been treated unfairly, but that's life. I told a friend what happened, and she said it was illegal. I didn't think it was illegal discrimination since Linda didn't say, "Oh, we don't hire green people here." It's obvious they discriminate, but they don't explicitly state it.

My question is: Was this actually against the law?

Tldr; Interview got rescinded once interviewer saw my skintone. She makes up an obvious lie that she isn't the manager. I don't receive my scheduled interview. Instead, I'm told I will be contacted if I'm wanted, or to call back later.

Edit: I want to thank everyone who gave me good advice on what to do. I didn't think I was going to get much feedback, but I was wrong. I'm not sure what will happen, but I'm happy to try even if it does implode in the end.
It's been some time since my last post so I decided to maybe update the situation here, and vent. So I went through the hassle of writing up an eviction notice for "Alisha", the girl I allowed to couchsurf. I gave her a formal notice for 30 days. She ignores this. Eventually, I move this dispute to court. 

Alisha made the claim that she is paying rent, and has done nothing wrong. I tell my side of the story as well, all of it. The judge says it doesn't seem like Alisha has done anything wrong or broken any laws, and that she is paying rent. Judgment comes up in her favor, and she is allowed to stay. Judge says I can appeal at a later time.

Yep, Alisha is still living with me. She knows I loath her, she doesn't care. I've moved most of my stuff to my bedroom like my TV, consoles, etc. She's taken over the lower half of my home. The only reason I even venture down there anymore is to get food from the fridge which she still mooches off of. So I mostly have to put non-perishables in my bedroom to keep away from her. I lock the door with a key. 

Alisha has a job now at a retail shop so she's making money and at least is out of the house for some time. 

I'm still working on evicting her. I have another court date set for a month from now. We'll see what happens then. I will try to update the sub after that. Thanks to everyone who tried to help the first time around.
Here are the facts: 

This is in Florida. 

Apartment complex buys water through water company on a master meter. 

They have installed individual meters in each of our apartments, and they have hired a third-party biller to calculate our water usage and then bill back to us. 

Water is a separate line item on our rent bill. It just says meter usage from one bill to the next, total usage per gallon, and amount for water and sewer. 

They will not accept rent unless water is included. 

Rates are higher than water company's rates, which is illegal in our state (you cannot make profit off a utility). Some months that have less usage have higher rates than months with higher usage. Numbers seem to be just made up out of thin air. 

They also charge an extra admin fee ever month, and bill is every 25 days. 

Apartment complex is not a utility company, nor regulated as such. 

There are no rates listed on the bill, we do not get a separate bill from utility company as we are not their customers. 

This billing arrangement is not listed in our lease, instead it says we will pay utility company directly. They started this new policy by informing us a month before with an email. No lease addendums were signed. 

Sub meters have not been tested to our knowledge. 

Management will not answer any questions or address it. Many residents are upset about the increase in price and refusal to address it, but too scared to do anything about it. 

Government state agencies including PUC, consumer affairs, county commissioners, dept of agriculture, attorney generals office etc., has been extremely unhelpful and a waste of time. Told us to just file a complaint and gave us no other recourse or guarantee itd even be pursued. But this is par for the course in this state. 

I found the contract the water company made the complex sign in order to sub meter, and they are violating many provisions including: they are not allowed to charge an admin fee, they cannot bill sooner than every 30 days, they cannot bill at a rate higher than the water company, that must put rates on bills, and sub meters have to be checked every few months for accuracy. 

Water company will accept complaint and if complex is in violation (which they are), will force them to be compliant, but will not advocate on behalf of residents to receive their illegally billed monthly fees and extra rates back. They said we have to pursue that privately. 

If we (roommates and I) make a complaint with the water company and PUC, it will become public knowledge and complex will find out. Although I know retaliation in this situation would be illegal, it would be very difficult to prove and this is a very bad state for consumer and tenant rights. The last thing we need is for them to make up a reason to evict us or retaliate by making up a reason not to return our deposit to upon move-out. However, we feel it is wrong to continue to let the complex get away with this. 

Should we make the complaint now or wait until after we have moved out and gotten our deposit back? They are billing us two months behind for water, so we will not get our deposit back (or what's left of it after they have upcharged us for two more months of water) until two months after we have moved out. 

If we wait until then, how do we get our wrongly charged fees and money that was upcharged back? Write a certified letter to them? Dispute it with the management company? Go to the news? 
Hire a lawyer to write a letter? Take them to small-claims? 
We just want our money back and can't afford a lawyer.

Or should we report this now while we still live here and have leverage or is it too risky? 


Thank you so much for reading and any insight and help that can be provided! 

EDIT: So I contacted the number u/thunder_buck gave me 313-456-3510 and they referred me to the number at 855-464-9243 and I talked to a lady.  She said I needed to have the women, individually fill out complaint forms - and it was in no way anonymous.  That if there is a way to allow me to make an anonymous complaint, this number isn't it.  I explained to her these women can not and will not do what she is asking.  It is so weird to me that the government agency that is supposed to help these women, won't.

If it is legal, how the hell?  If not, who would I report it to?

I just watched a girl in tears because she messed up someone’s order and they refused to pay - the owner made them pay 40.00 of their earned wages to rectify their mistake.

Edit: I inquired about her paying from a coworker - they have to pay for all mess ups, any dine and dashing or anything that isn’t the cooks fault.  She said they can loose upwards of 100.00 a week on average, and this is in an area where they can not be making much in tips in the first place. (Poor city, bad clientele) 

Edit 2: just want to add that this is the type of diner that women end up at when they are at the end of their waitressing career, either too old to be in a legit place where they are busting their ass and quick.  Lots of waitresses coming to work in cars that basically have 3 wheels and the doors falling off without insurance.  Young women with 2 kids who show up for work late because they couldn’t get anyone to watch their kids for free.  That being said - this place is a gem and the atmosphere is the best, but there is nothing they can do to hold their rich Greek owner accountable - they can’t even report him for fear of losing their job.

These aren’t waitresses trying to hustle a buck with a sob story - these are women at the end of their rope being clearly taken advantage of.

Gonna make some calls tomorrow.
Original post- https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/5157pb/10k_in_damages_to_my_truck_from_dieselgas_mix_up/

Finally got a hold of the transport company- they admitted their driver placed 200 gallons of gasoline in the gas stations underground tank for diesel pumps.

The insurance company paid:
Repairs- $9,950
Rental Vehicle- roughly $1,000
Loss of use- $1,000

The loss of use was difficult to push through, but with documentation of how the smaller vehicle inhibited my work they gave in.

The Dept of agriculture that overlooks gas station fuel quality took my fuel complaint and shut the gas stations diesel pumps down for 6 weeks until they were able to clean the system of contaminates- Actually took two attempts.

What I learned was:

- Always keep fuel receipts

-Use a credit card when fueling (Had to do a chargeback to get my $ back for the cost of the diesel I originally purchased.)

-Only go to reputable fuel stations

-Document, document, document everything.

-Do your homework and aggressively peruse the insurance company for full and fair compensation. I quoted tort law when going after additional loss of use and it got their attention.

Thanks again for the insightful comments, they gave me hope that the system would work.
Here's the orginial: https://old.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/9cvmf2/a_good_friend_and_neighbor_recently_passed_away/





My friend's daughter didn't want to spend months and a lot of cash fighting over her dad's estate, so she wanted to settle. I get the feeling that's what her brother wanted all along, so he won. It kinda sucks, but it is what it is. 




Money-wise, my friend's estate was around $810,000 total, so a little more than 800 grand. Mostly cash and a retirement fund and stuff, since he was renting the house next door to me. Originally, the split was 65% to the daughter and 35% to the son. My friend took my 5% from both, so the split when he passed was 5% me, 62.5% her, and 32.5% him. The settlement resulted in them each getting an even amount, so the final amount was them both getting 47.5% each and me keeping my 5%. Honestly, the settlement took longer than I thought, but thankfully it's over. So the son ended up getting a little over 100 grand just for being a dick. But it was what it is, and my friend's daughter was more than happy with the money she ended up with. More than enough to pay off her debts and send her kids to (state) college. Plus, part of the settlement was that he had to cover our lawyer's fee, so a small win for us. 




So at the end of the day, I got to keep my 5%, which was 40 grand and change. That's like nine month's salary to me, so it's an awful lot of money. Thank you all for your advice.
While with his mother.  His mother and I are divorced and I was not notified of anything. In the parenting plan it says I have to be the one that makes medical decision. What are my options? Mother or the hospital?

Nebraska
I’m in Texas. 
That's not a typo in the title of my post. I am a woman who is being accused of not paying child support for the child I **fathered**.  The child is 11, I am 19. It's not a scam because I phoned the courthouse and they actually have a file for the case. I told them it was a mistake but no one there would listen. My first name is definitely not a man’s name (Abigail) and my last name is not common at all. I checked my bank account and my credit but my identity was not stolen or compromised as far as anyone could tell. I don’t have money for a lawyer. Is there any way I can get this fixed on my own now or do I have to wait until it goes to court and I see the judge? The location is Florida. Sorry if my question seems obvious, I don’t really know anything about court or family law stuff.
My SO and I have been in a multiple-month-long rough patch, where the main focus is that she feels we don't have enough sex. Specifically, she felt that I didn't initiate enough. We eventually came to the last resort decision of designating specific days of the week as "sex nights".


So I would have something to reference (i.e. she couldn't blame me for not initiating), I recorded the date and a short description of what happened for several months. Examples include:


6/6/18- initiated, denied


6/9/18- fighting about something unrelated


6/13/18- had sex


6/16/18- she was sick


Eventually, she calls me out again, and I reference the list I made, to show her that I had initiated 7-8 times in a span of a few weeks, and she had denied me every time.


She blows up, saying that this list I have made is illegal, and she could take legal action against me. She claims that this counts as illegally recording her, despite the fact that it is text, not audio or video. I'm trying to figure out if her argument holds any water. I was using a notepad app on my phone, simply recording dates with a few words, did not make it public, was only for my personal use.


Any help would be appreciated. Thanks!
It was a blunt tip arrow used for target practice so the employee is ok.

While leaving job site a 14 y/o girl was shooting arrows at a target in her yard. Many of those arrow missed target and "accidentally" flew in the direction of my employees who were parked on the street and about to leave in their car.

With the amount of arrows "missing" the target and flying close to my employees, we think the employees were being intentionally shot at. 

One arrow hit the employee in the back of the head requiring a hospital visit for stitches. Her and the other employee that drove to the hospital missed rest of work that day. 

We took pictures of the wound and the bow and arrow used. Glad we took pictures of the bow and arrow because the parents of the 14 y/o took the bow and arrow inside before the police arrived. 

The police searched house and found bow and arrows.

I understand the 14 y/o's parent's home owner's insurance will cover medical. Can we go after lost wages for the employees, too?

What is the best route to ensure compensation is received for damages caused by the careless 14 y/o?




I had a met with the Title IX coordinator Tuesday morning and filed a complaint. She was sympathetic and a little surprised housing hadn't done anything yet. I gave her my statement and she said she will follow protocol from there and get back to me as soon as she could. 

This morning I met with the assistant Director for Housing and the Housing Coordinator. I came prepared with printouts of the laws that my roommate could potentially be violating. I had 3 printouts, one for both of them and one for myself. The meeting started out well, I explained the situation with my roommate, how I had tried to resolve it amongst us first by asking him to take it down. Next, how I spoke with the RA and what the RA said. And finally, how I had a meeting with the Residential Coordinator and what she said. They told me that both of them were following procedure and then offered to help me look for alternative housing for next semester. At this point I was a little frustrated and asked how he could possibly be allowed to film our room. They dodged the question and just kept offering to help me find housing for next semester. At this point I brought forth the potential laws my roommate could be breaking, not accusing him of breaking them, just educating them. And also how the school doesn't really have a policy on this issue and how they might want to update it. 

Here is where the meeting deteriorated. Both the AD and HC became hostile and extremely defensive. They defended both my roommate for wanting to protect his stuff and the schools policies. Saying that the policy is fine and needs to revising. After this I informed that I had already met and filed a complaint with the Title IX coordinator. The AD told me that I had no reason to file a complaint and would be in touch with the Title IX coordinator. 

I could feeling myself starting to loose my anger and decided I needed to end the meeting and would just go above both of them and talk with the Director. So, I thanked them for their time and asked them to keep me posted on anything that might arise. When I was packing up my things to leave the Coordinator made the remark that I had probably fabricated these "laws" and was just looking to get a room without a roommate. 

After the meeting I went directly to the Directors office. Unfortunately, he was out all day until tomorrow. I setup a meeting right away in the morning with him. 

How do I know he won't do the same as everyone below him? Are there any other actions that I should be taking?  


Edit: Sorry here is a link to the original  https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/787ugz/college_roommate_has_a_camera_in_our_bedroom/

and the location is NY state
I moved to California for a job as a pharmacist with CVS. My offer letter said I'd be **"full time."** I left my previous job working for a competitor. I spent over $3,000 just moving our 2  cars and belongings across the country.

After I arrived they said I'd get fewer hours while I am in training. They've really dragged it out. I've been working for them for over 2 months and I've averaged about **15 hours** per week. This isn't covering my expenses. 

I've discovered that the district manager over-hired and doesn't seem to even have a spot for me. I wasn't even put on the schedule at all for this next week. He keeps telling me to be patient.

At this point I feel cheated. What are my options? Should I lawyer up? Look into unemployment?
PA for the LocoBot

Previous thread here - https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/8310ny/pennsylvania_i_am_a_land_lord_a_house_i_own/ 

I posted an update in the thread, but it did not actually post? Whatever, here is what has happened in the past few days.

(My dad told me to close the loop with you guys and post this, we do appreciate the discussion and insight) 

I will try and answer a few questions that came up in the thread:

* No illegal activity in the house. Sorry to disappoint. The $5,000 was conjured up by some very bad legal advice by their son. He graduated pre-law a few months ago, hence his living with them now, and for some reason, thought mom and dad were entitled to money.

* We contacted our family lawyer, he sent us to another acquaintance lawyer of his that handled Real Estate stuff. He set aside 30 min for a free phone initial consult, about 12 min in, he told us to call the town and get code enforcement to the house to declare it uninhabitable. He's drafting a letter for us to give to the now old tenants that states that the lease is terminated along with their security deposit. 

* My father said it was strange to report against himself.

* Within about 4 hours, we got a call from a person from the code enforcement department, they declared the house too damaged to live in, told the renters to take what they can now, and spend the night at a hotel. They were given the next day to move everything out.

* We rescinded our offers to help pay for hotel or moving expenses. Not sure if we should be concerned about them coming after us, as we do have it in email/text messages us offing to pay, but we also had a back and forth regarding them making a decision before we sent the code folks out there. Basically said "agree to leave by tonight and we will help you pay for the move, or lose it." We got a "we are not fucking leaving!" response. 

* When we got to the house to meet with the code enforcement person, the mother and son were red in the face, screaming their heads off at the code person. He actually threatened to call the cops if they did not deescalate immediately. 

* Someone wrote on one of the damaged walls "FUCK (landlord name)"...we can guess who. 

* Insurance adjuster came out this morning, and will be in contact with us as the damage to the house is in the tens of thousands. 

* There was enough damage in the house caused by the tenants that would warrant us keeping the security deposit, but it seems almost petty at this point because the insurance company is about to cover a lot of damage to the house. Mostly carpet and wall stuff, but the adjuster said they are covering carpet and quite a bit of drywall replacement because of the water damage to it from the holes in the house.  

Anyway, they moved out this weekend, Sunday we had a contractor cleaning up the place, and they are going to start repairs this week. Estimated completion time is 9 weeks. 

This has really shaken my dad up as he thought he had a good working relationship with this family, and for them to suddenly be so awful to them is making him really sad. 


 
Hi guys. Thank you for you help before hand.
My gf (20) was sexually assaulted by my sister in law (35) last night. During a family party we were asked to have a night together with my brother and our gf’s. My gf was upstairs cleaning while me and my brother were downstairs playing fortnite.


We had brought 2 bottles of wine which my sister in law drank 1.5 bottles of. She got too drunk and attempted to rape my gf. She ripped her pants down, touched her vagina, and tried to make my gf give her oral sex. My gf was able to get to a bathroom to call me and ask me to come upstairs. Hearing how her voice sounded I ran upstairs to find her trembling and I was able to get her out of the situation.


We left and now have been bombarded by texts from my sister in law. She basically is saying she was trying to play but my gf didn’t really get that she was “joking”, my brother is completely denying the situation today even though when I told him what happened during the night he said that she gets very aggressive when she is drunk and he was sorry that anything happened to her.
We are going to the police, I’m not sure what to say and what will happen. This has been the most insane thing that has happened in my life and I feel like my girlfriend is broken. I’m absolutely devastated because while I knew my sister in law was a bit crazy I never knew she would ever do something like this. I’m completely lost.

This was in the United States.

EDIT: I cannot thank you guys enough. Thank you for taking the time to read this bump in the road of my life. I’m heartbroken but it was nice to hear kind words from strangers and you guys were so helpful in a time we feel helpless. We will see what happens but we have done all we can so far. I’m going to focus on my girlfriend and baby boy and building ourselves out of this mentally. Thanks again everyone!
Original Post: https://www.reddit.com/r/legaladvice/comments/7bil4z/ne_sold_land_around_my_house_to_a_developer_years/

So I met with a real estate attorney that was refereed to me by a Redditor on here and did the title search and I'm in the process of trying to find the old developers' master plans.
So far here's what's been dug up.

I sold my land to Developer A. He owned the land for about 2 years and then filed bankruptcy and lost the land to the bank. That's when the maintenance of the land went to shit and I was mowing it and taking care of it, cause the bank didn't care. Bank sold it to Developer B and that is the person that built the current neighborhood. We got in touch with Developer B and he said he was no longer part of the neighborhood and in fact, the HOA is in charge of the entire area. His company just owned the lots and they sold/built on them for the families and they have 0 say anymore. I asked him about the master plans and if he thought he owned my remaining 10 acres, and he said absolutely not. The entire neighborhood sits on old land + the 20 acres that were purchased from in. So he was helpful and it was clear he had no wrongdoing.

I spoke to the lawyer to see if we could file and adverse possession on the land I maintained but he said it would be a waste of time and money, but I was just going to do it to spite the HOA. The title search and everything came up clean. It showed my parents as the previous owners and then me. So no way could they have owned my land. The records go way back, and there is a clear chain of ownership as my lawyer put it and it's incontestable.

We sent a HOA a cease and desist letter as well to stop contacting me unless they have actual signed documents that show I was part of a HOA. They never got back to me. I was out of town on came back last night to my mailbox missing. It was cut clear off the post with a chainsaw (wooden post with a metal mailbox on top). I told my lawyer this and he says that it is a big deal and that USPS would send the person to jail? I repurchased an identical mailbox and set up cameras all over the property. If they try it again, I'll have them on tape.

But the biggest thing we uncovered was that we found out what they are planning. Turns out that the HOA wants to put in ANOTHER community playground and a pool/clubhouse and they need land! They can't expand in any other direction since they're almost on the end of a highway on 1 side and the other sides are zoned for agriculture, they decided they'd try to take over my land. They have yet to also file a lien on my property so I'm guessing they were trying to force me into the HOA to make them sell my land below market value?

Either way, they showed their hand and now I'm on alert. We filed a complaint with the police regarding the stolen mailbox and we have a paper trail for that now. It's just a waiting game to see what they do next I guess.
Should I send them a letter saying I know their plan and there is no way they can get my land? They have their monthly meeting every 2nd tuesday of the month, so it's in a few days and I'm sure I'll be the topic of discussion. Should I go to it?
This happened in Dallas Texas. 

Was riding in the backseat of a 2 door car and in the front seat were two of my employees. Cops stopped us and the driver became a sov cit jackass to the officer refusing to even show his license to him. 

You can imagine how it went. What became one officer in a patrol car soon became 12 officers from 3 patrol cars, 3 SUVs, and a motorcycle cop. 

I handed my license to the officer and said I was willing to cooperate and that I would gladly exit the vehicle if I were not trapped inside. One of the officers said unless I can convince the two guys in the front seat to cooperate then I was going down with the rest. I told them that unless they cooperate now I was firing them on the spot. 

The passenger asked on what grounds. I said "Because Texas. Because at will. But if you want the real answer, you are showing very poor judgement right now and I cant trust you as an employee." To which one of the officers replied that he is not buying my act and that this was our last chance. 

The first officer pointed to his body camera and said he had been recording the whole time and that he has been more than fair but that time was up. He counted down from ten but had to smash the window when the driver started rolling the window up on him. 

Soon both of the passengers in front of me were dragged out of the car and the officer tried to reach back into the backseat for me. He forgot to pull the seat forward to let me out so he could not get to me. I looked to my left to see a pistol pointed at me and the officer on my side finally realized to pull the seat forward. 

I was dragged out and felt a horribly sharp pain on my left arm. On my way out a deep gash was cut onto the top area of my left arm by a sharp piece of metal on the door. 

I was wrestled to the ground and was cuffed when the police noticed the blood. I heard the officer say "Holy shit" and let me go after being cuffed. About 45 seconds later I heard one of them ask if I was going to cooperate. I said yes not wanting to incense them anymore than they already were. 

They stood me up and realized just how bad the cut was. It was definitely to the bone and 5 inches long along the top of my left arm. Because of the angle they could not properly treat it with my hands cuffed behind my back. 

So they called and ambulance and left me there to bleed with bandages kinda sorta placed on the wound. 

Thankfully it only took 5 minutes to get there and i was taken to the hospital. Stitches did not do the job. It was basically staples and glue for my arm. Yes I know it is not actually glue but some medical adhesive similar to super glue.

I was later informed that I was being charged with resisting arrest, assaulting a police officer, and a bunch of small shit on top of that. 

So definitely wanting to fight this, but I kind of feel that with the officer's body camera this is open and shut. I cooperated with the officers, I told them I was trapped in the back seat, I handed them my information to run, and was completely willing to cooperate. 

I have several questions. 

First, I am being told that my medical bills probably wont be covered by health insurance. Something about injuries suffered during the commission of a crime. IS this true?

Second. Would I need a lawyer for this? Spending thousands on a lawyer for what seems to be a pretty easy to fix misunderstanding seems a waste to me. 

Third. I know I cant go after the officers for my injuries. But Am I able to sue the car owner or his car insurance for the gash on my arm? Poor maintenance and an exposed sharp edge?




I'm 16 and I have about 7000 dollars in savings in an account that has my name and my dad's name on it. This money I earned myself online which was deposited into my PayPal and then into the bank account.

My dad tells me that $3500 will go to her because this money is in an account under his name and I can't prove that it was me who made this money since it was earned online, not at a typical job. He says this is what his divorce lawyer told him.

Is it true? Am I gonna lose half of my money?

Location is Arizona although their marriage took place in Florida but we've lived in Arizona during the marriage.

Edit: She's not my mom. She hates me. So stop telling me to talk to her about it please.
I work oilfield and was instructed by supervisor time starts at 7am when i leave home and ends when you get back home. Round off to nearest half hr. HR said we were wrong and terminated without warning so they dont have to pay bonuses or severance pay. Is there anything i can do to fight this or will it just cost me and not lead to anything?
Thank you everyone for advice.
(NYC) 

I was arrested in the middle of September when my previous employer who fired me lied to the police and filed a false report saying I stole my own paycheck which was over $5,000 via Chase quick pay and check. 

Yesterday was my third court appearance date that I was prepared to go to a grand jury and have my own story presented. Chase confirmed that he sent the payment from his primary device from his IP address in a different region of the country. I met briefly with the ADA and my own lawyer giving whatever screenshots of texts I had of my previous employer confirming to sign my own paycheck and threatening me if I did not comply with his directions. 

After 3 hours of sitting outside the court room and the worst experience of my life so far, my case was dismissed. 

My lawyer has been insistent that my previous employer was being retaliatory because I had filed reports against him with department of labor and IRS. 

Over the next few weeks I’ll be taking everything that happened to me in and will pursue legal action against him and contacting the department of labor for over $15,000 in unpaid wages.

This story seems far from over. You guys really calmed me down following my arrest, and I really appreciated it!
